I salute the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata, Mother of India, Shipra and Ma Allia by Ma Allia, but there was a delay in arriving here and there was a delay in reaching this place because the unprecedented love that Indore showed today, which was blessed today, from the airport to the human mall on both sides. Perhaps I would not have done a speech and if I went on doing such a road show, the entire Madhya Pradesh While standing in the newspaper, Modi's road show was tremendous, so much love today Indore has touched my heart. From the faith spirituality of ancient India to the new style and new attitude of the new India, if any city is a symbol of the new attitude So the name of the city is Indore.
In the form of Ahilyabai Holkar, Indore has given inspiring leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity across India including Kashi.
So in the last five years he led India for the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan. Today my people of Kashi are trying to fulfill the dream that Mahalya Bhai had for the Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi with the blessings of Baba.
As a parliamentarian of Banaras, I am very proud of this. My special offer from Indore is also because it is the city of Sumitra Tai.
Nine times this city selected him and sent him to serve the country. Sumitra comes as a speaker. He worked efficiently and with restraint, not only if I was used to watching TV in whatever parliament was running then, Tai has made a rich impression on the minds of all of them and very few people would know that you will feel that Modi is the prime minister. If anyone can scold Modi in the Mari party, then he can rebuke him.
This time Sumitra Sai is contesting the entire Madhya Pradesh elections and is making a new history. But friends, I have got a chance to work in the organization with Tai ji. We have worked as a partner.
Considering his dedication towards work, his intentions to do something for the lives of ordinary human beings, I assure Indore that none of Tai ji's wishes for the development of the city will be unfulfilled.
I came to the people of Indore today to assure them that I will never let them fall short. Friends, I am grateful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing.
You have made one of my requests very seriously successful and if that Swachch Bharat Abhiyan Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the common human thinking of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore deserve it.
Friends, we have often seen people standing up to remove the power ruined government in the country. But this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, Kutch to Kamrop, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government.
It is often said that the voter of the country is very silent, but this time the people are speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders have become sleepless. Now he has lost his balance in speaking.
Friends, friends, the election of 2014 was an anti-incumbency election, the 2019 election is pro incumbency. The outrage against corruption, dynasty and policy paralysis was extreme in 2014. People's confidence is at its peak in 2019.
In 2014, the country had only heard about the work of Modi and Modi. In 2019, the country is beginning to know Modi's work. Not only the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections, but the Indian people are contesting the elections of 2019.
130 crore countrymen are leading this election. Friends, my loyalty, determination and my policy may be less assessed, but I can confidently say that no one can fault my intentions.
This is because I live in a public beach and communicate with the public continuously.
I have never had fun sitting in air condition rooms. In policy formulation, I have left the world of Babugiri and tried to bring change in the country with public participation.
Brothers and sisters, in the last five years, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency. When you see where India's global training has reached in terms of technology, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world.
World's third, may our young friends get plenty of opportunities. For this, in the next five years, we are going to strengthen this ecosystem and the funding of startups.
