Congratulations to the people of Bharat Mata's Mother Bharat, Mother of India, Shipra and Maya Bhai, I came to the airport on time, but there was a delay in arriving here and the delay happened because of the unprecedented love that Onion Indore showed, which gave blessings from the airport to the human mall on both sides. Perhaps I did not speak and went on to do such a road show, so Modi was reading the newspapers of Madhya Pradesh. The road show was tremendous, so much love will touch my heart today in Indore. From the faith of ancient India, spirituality to the new style of new India, if any city is a symbol of the new attitude, then the city's The name is Indore. In the form of Ahilyabai Holkar in Indore, Kashi gave inspiring leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity throughout India. In the last 5 years, the mother of the leadership of India for the Clean Bharat Abhiyan, Ahilyabai, had dreamed for the Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi, with the blessings of Baba Baba, my Kashivites are trying to fulfill me as a parliamentarian of Banaras. It is a special pride that Mehra has given special pride from Indore because Sumitra is the city of Tai. 9 times this city selected him and sent him to Parliament to serve the country and as a speaker With the skillful restraint that Sumitra terrorist did, not only if Sai made an indelible impression on the minds of all of them watching TV at that time, and very few people would know that Modi is the prime minister, but if anyone can scold Modi in the Mari party, then Sumitra Chai is ready to contest this entire Madhya Pradesh election. He is building and making a new history but friends, I got a chance to work in the organization with Tai ji. We worked as a partner. His dedication to his work is something for a normal demanding life. Keeping all these intentions in mind, I assure Indore that no desire of Tai ji will be incomplete in the development of the city. I will never let it fall short. I came to the people of Indore today to give this society. Friends of Indore and Madhya Pradesh. I am grateful for one more thing. You have made one of my requests very seriously successful and that Clean Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India. So all my siblings and friends of Indore deserve this, we have often seen people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country, but this time Since when should you work from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. It is often said that which country's motor is very silent, but this time the people are speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders who have become sleepless. Now they have lost their balance in speaking. Friends, the election of 2014 was an anti-incumbency election. Cumbency's outrage against corruption dynasty and policy paralysis was extreme in 2014. Public confidence was at its peak in 2019. In 2014, the country had only heard about the work of Modi and Modi in the country in 2019. Knowing Modi's work, the Bharatiya Janata Party is not only contesting the elections of 2019, but the Indian people are contesting the elections of 2019. 130 crore countrymen are leading the elections. Friends, my attitude and my policies can be assessed less, but no one can fault my intentions. I can say with confidence. This is because I live amongst the people. I communicate continuously with the public. I always communicate with the public. I have not had fun sitting in the rooms. I left Babuji's world and tried to bring change in the country through public participation. Brothers And sisters, in the last 5 years, we have paid special attention to technology and transfer issues. Today, looking at where is India's global staining in terms of technology, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. Therefore, in the next 5 years, we will strengthen the funding of startups to this ecosystem. 

