I am this Bharat Mata's. Bharat Mata Ki. Today I have a deadline. So Hamm Dat Mata's. Bharat Mata ki Rava. Everyone said. Getting the results done by hand. If you see this number of people, we believe it. Close the Boriya bed of Mahamilawati Logan. Companions. In the seventh phase of voting. Now there are two days left and seven days are left for the Lok Sabha election results. The announcement will be made once again on the twenty-third of May. Then one more time. Brothers and sisters, those big adulterated people. Whichever month before a month or so, remove Modi. Modi was chanting the melody of removing him, today he is shocked. The whole country has sealed his defeat and Uttar Pradesh is at the forefront. They have been given all the multiplication of mathematics, so every day they are being abused. Brothers and sisters. Actually the country. The country knows the truth about these big adulterated parties from the first day that the slogan of removing Modi was an excuse. In fact, they had to hide their sin of corruption. Therefore, they are trying to form a government in the country. They wanted a forced government in the country which they could blackmail according to their needs, but this is New India, it kills terrorists by entering their homes. And those who want to weaken their home and their society, their country, they know very well brothers and sisters. Here in Uttar Pradesh, SP, BSP tried to form an opportunistic alliance on the basis of caste. Sitting in the AC room in Lucknow, the deal was made from above. But these leaders, who were cut off from the ground, forgot about their workers. The result is that even today the workers of SP and BSP are attacking each other friends. Second mistake SP BSP made thinking that both parties would transfer their votes to each other. Brothers and sisters, these people considered some castes as their slaves. After explaining for the first time in two fourteen, after explaining it for the second time in two seventeen, Uttar Pradesh is going to explain properly to these parties in two nineteen that castes are not your slaves. People understand very well that votes are given and votes are given for development. Brothers and sisters for the country's future, these people won power in the name of caste and then used the power to build bungalows for themselves. He has done this in making even his relatives billionaires. Whether it is Abua or Babua, these people have distanced themselves so much from the poor. They have distanced themselves so much. These people have built such a high wall of their courtiers with the strength of the glory of money that they do not feel the happiness and sorrow of the poor. Brothers and sisters. Apart from these super-adulterated people, I am trying very sincerely to make the lives of the poor easier. I am working to provide the facilities he had been waiting for decades. The poor should get a solid home. There should be an electricity connection in the house, a gas connection, a toilet or a bank account. If his child is vaccinated on time, he gets cheap treatment, he gets cheap rations. We are working on these goals. Friends, in the bank account of those farmer families. I am also engaged in providing direct assistance to those who had to take loans for small expenses from farming. Friends, on the one hand, this servant of yours is engaged in empowering the daughters of the country, this great adulterant. They insult daughters for voting. Our government also took up the task of freeing Muslim sisters from triple talaq, but together these big adulterated people prevented Muslim sisters and daughters from getting justice. The government wants Muslim women against Triple Talaq within the framework of their faith according to their sentiments. They got the right to raise their voice, but these big adulterated parties are not allowing this to happen. What is the attitude of these people, this also comes here in the candidates with great adulteration. SP, BSP has given a ticket to such candidates from here. Who was accused of rape. People of UP know the history of the Samajwadi Party. But sister, will you ask for votes for such candidates brothers and sisters? What was the situation of daughters in UP at the time of SP? Everyone knows this. But sister, your behavior regarding women's safety is also under question. A few days ago in Alwar, Rajasthan. With a Dalit daughter. Gang was raped. The Congress government is running there with the support of the sister. In view of the election, the Congress government tried to hide this monstrous crime committed to that Dalit daughter. Sister knows everything, but instead of withdrawing support from the Congress government, she is trying to abuse Modi. This attitude of sister with Dalit daughter indicates that this Mahamilawati can deceive anyone for their own interests. Brothers and sisters, our government is committed to women's interests and women's safety for the first time in the history of freedom. This watchman has made provision for the execution of death in the rape rape case. I will make special requests to the women of this place from all over the Purvanchals to vote with full force against such anti-women parties to vote for the dignity of women and their interests. Pressing the button on the lotus mark means hanging the rapists. Pressing the button on the lotus mark means there is a water facility at home, toilet. Friends, I was on the way to come here, so I found out that my sister has targeted me for West Bengal. He has also taken over the Election Commission. I was thinking that the way Mamata didi is targeting the people of UP, Bihar and Purvanchal there, she is doing her politics by calling them outsiders, Sister Mayawati will tell Mamata didi some lies about this. But this did not happen because they are not worried about you. They have to play chair games. Friends here after the meeting in UP. I am going to Bengal once again today. Chief Minister of Bengal was elected by democracy. With the blessings of one hundred and thirty countrymen of India's democracy. The Chief Minister of Bengal does not consider Modi as his prime minister. She considers the Prime Minister of Pakistan as Prime Minister but does not consider the Prime Minister of India as Prime Minister and brothers and sisters, when I am going to Bengal today, I remind my countrymen. I remember a few months back when I had a rally in West Midnapore, what kind of chaos was spread by the TMC there. After that, I had a meeting in Thakur Nagar in Bengal, so it was decided that I had to withdraw from the stage in the middle of my address. Some days ago I came to Cooch Behar for my rally, where the stage was to be built, but Didi had set up a platform for her party. Didi Aap has been doing all this in an anti-democracy mindset under the influence of power. I have been watching Didi's attitude for a long time. Now the whole country is also watching. This evening I also have a rally in Dumdum in Kolkata. Let's see if Didi allows this rally to take place or not? If he works, he will not let our helicopter land there. Friends, this bullying of TMC hooligans was also seen last night. Tomorrow in Kolkata. During Bhai Amit Shah's road show. TMC goons gave the idol of Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar. Those who do this should be severely punished. Same. I would also like to say that our government dedicated to the vision of Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar ji will establish a magnificent statue of Panchdhatu at the same place and will reply to the hooligans of TMC. Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar is not only of Bengal but a great personality of India. He was not a great social reformer Shiksha Shastri but also a guardian of the poor and Dalit Dalits. He raised his voice for the rights of women during that time. We are all indebted to what they have done to serve humanity. Our Government is working to take the country to new heights with the inspiration of such personalities of the country. At the core of the BJP government, the culture of Bengal is devotion, from Vedas to Vivekananda. And from Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose to Dr. Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, our contemplation has been influenced by the energy of Bengal. Brothers and sisters, in the 21st century, the country needs a government with a huge majority with a strong spirit. Only a strong government can realize the slogan of Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. The dream of a developed India can come true only with a strong government. Only a strong government can develop Purvanchal and East India. This is the reason why we have given special priority to this entire area. Rail or road or waterway built on the Ganges, this entire area is being transformed. This will create new employment opportunities for industries and industries. Friends, this time Gosi has a record of last time to feed a lotus on every booth. Every vote of yours will go directly to Modi's account. I am very grateful to you for blessing me in so many numbers. Thank you very much to Bharat Mata Ki Bharat Mata Ki Bharat Mata. To all my workers of the rally, in my Assembly In-charge Convenor Board Chairperson Morcha Cell Project, all of you

