Bharat Mata Bharat Mata, today I have a limited time, so Bharat Mata Bharat Mata Rahua, I folded hands of all the people and got them to do Naam, we got disillusioned after seeing such a large number of people, the great adulteress of Bani said that the sacks of the people were closed. Friends, now only two days are left for the seventh phase. Only seven days are left for the results of the assembly elections. Brothers and sisters, those very adulterated people who were chanting &#39;Modi Hatao Modi Hatao&#39; just a month ago. Today, the whole country has stamped their defeat and Uttar Pradesh has come at the forefront and has spoiled all their arithmetic, that is why their abuses are increasing every day. Brothers and sisters, in reality, the country is witnessing the truth of these great adulterated parties on the first day. The country knows that the slogan of &#39;remove Modi&#39; was just an excuse; in reality, they had to hide their sin of corruption, that is why they are trying somehow to form a government in the country. They wanted a forced government in the country. They can do blackmail as per their need but this is new India, it kills the terrorists with gusto and knows very well those who want to weaken their home, their news, their country, brothers and Sisters, here in Uttar Pradesh, SP and BSP tried to form a conservative alliance on the basis of caste, while sitting in an AC room in Lakhon, it got worse but these leaders, cut off from the ground, forgot their own workers, the result is that SP and BSP Even today, the workers are attacking each other. Friends, the second mistake was made by SP and BSP by thinking that their votes for both the parties would be transferred to each other. Brothers and sisters, these people had considered some castes as their slaves. For the first time in 2014, After explaining it once in Dojaar Satra and for the second time in Dojaar Unnis, Uttar Pradesh is going to convince these parties a little properly that the castes are not your slaves. People understand very well that the board is given for development, the board is given to take the country forward, brothers and sisters, these people gained power in the name of caste and then used the power to create wealth for themselves. , have helped in turning even their relatives from millionaires to billions, be it aunt or uncle, these people have distanced themselves so much from the poor, they have separated themselves so much, these people have surrounded themselves with money and wealth. He has built such a high wall of muscle power, of his courtiers, that they cannot see the plight of the poor. Brothers and sisters, unlike these big adulterated people, I am trying very honestly to make the life of the poor easier. I am busy providing him the facilities for which he was waiting for decades. The poor should get a permanent house, there should be electricity connection, gas connection, toilet, bank account, his child should be weaned on time, he should get cheap treatment, he should get cheap ration, roads should reach him. . We are working on these goals. Friends, I am also engaged in providing direct help to the bank accounts of those farmer families who had to take loans for small expenses related to farming. Friends, on one hand this servant of yours is busy in empowering the daughters of the country. He is the one who insults daughters for this Maha Milavati boat. Our government also took the initiative to liberate Muslim sisters from the bondage of Teen Talag. But these highly adulterated people together created obstacles for Muslim sisters and daughters to meet this person. The government wants that Muslim women should have the right to raise their voice against Triple Talaq within the framework of their faith as per their sentiments. But these adulterated pulses are not allowing this to happen. What is the attitude of these people, it is also visible in the candidate who is a big adult. SP and BSP have given ticker to a candidate from here who has been accused of violence. The people of UP know the history of Samajwadi Party. But sister, will you ask for votes for such candidates? Brothers and sisters, we all know what was the condition of daughters in UP during the time of SP. A few days ago, a Dalit daughter was gang raped in Alwar, Rajasthan. The Congress government is running there with the support of sister-in-law. In view of the elections, the Congress government tried to hide this monstrous crime committed against that Dalit daughter. Sister knows everything but instead of withdrawing support from the Congress government, she is busy abusing Modi. In view of the elections, the Congress government, knowing this monstrous crime committed against that Dalit daughter, knowing this monstrous crime committed against that Dalit daughter, knowing this monstrous crime committed against that Dalit daughter, Knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, Knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, Knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, knowing this monstrous crime, when I was in Thakur Nagar, I was given such a condition that I had to leave my Sammodar in the middle and walk away from the stage. Had to move away. A few days ago, when they came for my rally in Kunch Vihar, where the stage was to be built, Didhi had built a big stage for her party. All these people were intoxicated with power, Didi kept doing this in Tantra, Jiroti, Mansikta. Well, I have been watching Didi&#39;s attitude for a long time, now the whole country is also watching. This evening I have a rally in Dandham in Kolkata, let&#39;s see whether Didi allows this rally to happen or not. If she has her way, our helicopter will not even be able to land there. Friends, this bullying behavior of TMC goons was also seen the day before yesterday, during Bhai Amich Saha&#39;s roadshow in Kolkata, TMC goons broke the statue of Ishwar Chandravidya Sagar. Those who do this should be given the harshest punishment. I would also like to say that our government dedicated to the vision of Ishwar Chandravidya Sagar ji will establish a statue of the same Jagpar Panch Dhatu and will answer to the goons of TMC. Ishwar Chandravidya Sagar is a great personality not only of Bengal but of India, he is a great social reformer. Pui was not a Sikhsatri but a protector of the poor, Dalits and Dalits. He had raised his voice in that era for the rights of women. We all are the queens of what he has done for the service of humanity. Our government is inspired by such personalities of the country. The BJP government is working to take it to new heights. At its core is the cultural devotion of Bengal. From Vedas to Vivekanan and from Netaji Subachandra Bodh to Rakhar Dr. Shama Pursad Mukherji, our thinking and contemplation has been influenced by the energy of Bengal. The core of the BJP government is the cultural devotion of Bengal, from Neta ji Subachandra Bodh to Rakhar Dr. Shama Pursad Mukher ji, the energy of our thinking and contemplation is the energy of our thinking till the end, till the end, till the end, till the end, till the end, till the end, till the end, till the end, till the end. Till Wevecanan till Weavanan, weaved to Weawekanan till Weavanan to Vevacanan till Vevacanan till Weavanan to Weavanan to Weavanan till Vevikanan, Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan Parvajan