I salute the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata&#39;s Mother Shipra and Ma Alliya by. I had reached the airport on time, but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay was because of the unprecedented situation that Indore had witnessed today. Showed love, gave blessings, there were human malls on both sides from the airport till here, perhaps if I had not given a speech and left after doing so much road show, even then the entire newspapers of Madhya Pradesh would have been standing saying that Modi&#39;s road show was tremendous, so much love, today Indore warmed my heart. It has touched from the faith and spirituality of ancient India to the new style and attitude of new India. If any city is a symbol of this, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore in the form of Ahilyabai Holkar gave inspirational leadership for spirituality and well-being of humanity throughout India including Kashi. So in the last five years, the people of Kashi are trying to fulfill with the blessings of Baba, the dream that Mahalya Bhai had had for the Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi, which led India in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Being an MP from Banaras, I am especially proud of this. My special gift from Indore is also because it is Sumitra Tai&#39;s city. Nine times this city elected her and sent her to serve the country, sent her to the Parliament and Sumitra comes as the speaker. The skillful and patient work she did was appreciated not only by whatever Parliament was going on at that time. If you were accustomed to watching TV, Tai has left a rich impression on the minds of all of them and very few people would know about it. You would think that Modi ji is the Prime Minister but if anyone can scold even Modi ji in a party then it would be Tai Daat. Can. This time Sumitra Sai is contesting the elections of entire Madhya Pradesh and is creating a new history. But friends, I have got a chance to work with Tai ji in the organization. We have worked as a partner. Keeping all these in mind, his dedication towards work, his intentions to do something for the life of common man, I assure Indore that none of Tai ji&#39;s wishes will remain unfulfilled in the development of the city. I came today to the people of Indore to assure them that I will never let them down. Friends, I am grateful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing. You very seriously made one of my requests successful and if the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of common people of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore deserve it. Friends, we have often seen the people standing up to remove the government from power in the country. But this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, from Kutch to Kamrop, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. It is often said that the voters of the country are very silent, but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders are losing sleep. Now he has also lost balance while speaking. Friends, the election of 2014 was of anti-incumbency, the election of 2019 is of pro-incumbency, in 2014, the anger against corruption, dynasty and policy paralysis was at its peak. Public confidence is at its peak in 2019. In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi&#39;s work. In 2019, the country started knowing the work of Modi. Not only the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections, but the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the elections of 2019. 130 crore countrymen are leading this election. Friends, the assessment of my loyalty, my intentions and my policy may be more or less, but no one can find fault in my intentions, I can say this with confidence. This is because I live in a public beach and constantly communicate with the public. I have never enjoyed sitting in air conditioned rooms. I have left the world of Babugiri on policy making and have tried to bring change in the country through public participation. Brothers and sisters, in the last five years, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency, today you see where India&#39;s global training has reached in terms of technology, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. . Third in the world, our young friends may get ample opportunities. For this, in the coming five years, we will further strengthen this ecosystem and startup funding.