Go to your respective places sir. I, Honorable Shivraj, will do Alurot Karut from Singi, will wear Malvi turban and will greet Shere Hindustan. May Mālvi padyi pēnakar BETA PG please welcome you on the land of Malwa by donning Malvi turban and Rakesh Singhi dupatta. And on behalf of the entire stage, with a big garland, we all will welcome Honorable Modi ji with the enthusiasm of the entire Indore city, Shere Hindustan. Now I request Sumitra ji, the pride of Indore and the honor of the country, the singer of the people, to come and praise India in words right now. All of you have welcomed Modiji with a shout, for this I will not welcome you with words, but before that I congratulate all of you today on Mother&#39;s Day because this congratulations is given not only to the mother but when the mother is congratulated. If yes, then the whole family becomes proud. Today, such a son of Mother India, who is always active for the honor and protection of Mother India, such a son has come to our family in the form of Manya Modi ji. You all know, we all do it to respect Ma. But the way Many Modi ji has implemented many schemes, as we see, he has seen that my mothers, my sisters, from whose eyes tears come out while cooking, their health deteriorates because of the smoke, now his How should we face, how should we overcome this suffering and since becoming the Prime Minister, Manya Modi ji has wiped the tears of four crore mothers by giving them gas stoves and gas tanks under the Ujula scheme. Worried about his well-being. A mother wants to have a house of her own and a roof over her child&#39;s head. Many Modi ji said that this is also a police station to fulfill the dream. And you all know, under the Pradan Mantri Awas Yojana, more than one crore thirty lakh houses have been given to the needy and by the year 2022, they have pledged with all of you that no person in this country of India It is believed that Modi ji was present among us today like a mother, making the mother capable, whether it was his birth plan or any other plan. But in the end I would like to say one thing, even if the name of the scheme is given, then Matu Vandana. In this, those values are visible which are Indian values and under whose leadership I would say that 125 crore citizens of this country have believed in him that yes, 125 crore citizens of this country have believed in God. Citizens. So to his madam this belief has become.To his madam this belief has become. That yes it works even without corruption. What has been done has been done even for the last four months. We have achieved a solid and honest government under the leadership of Honorable Modi ji. Later, I will tell you about our future Prime Minister, our today&#39;s Prime Minister and our future Basaivan, who has made Mother India capable and strong in the future. Now say the name, say the future Minister of Providence, like Manyamodi Jita, I welcome all of you on the lines of What everyone was waiting for, I am not inviting them, all of you should praise Hindustan and be face to face with them. And come face to face with them. Salutations to the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata Makshipra, Maha Alliyabai and Mahalalyabai. I had come all the way to Arput. But there were obstacles in reaching here. And that&#39;s why William happened. That the inexplicable love that Indore showed today. What happened today was that Indore showed unprecedented love and blessings, there was a lot of humanity on both sides from the airport to here. Perhaps, if I had not made the speech and gone after sleeping so much, I would still have been full of anger that Modi&#39;s resources have become tremendous. So much love, today Indore has warmed my heart. If any city is a symbol of ancient India&#39;s faith, spirituality and Hindustan&#39;s thoughts and attitude, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore, in the form of Ahalyabai Holkar, gave inspiring leadership for the betterment of spirituality and spirituality throughout India, including Kasi. So, with the blessings of Baba, today my Kasi residents are trying to fulfill the dream that Mahalya Bhai, who led India in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in the last five years, had seen for Baba Vishwanad Temple in Kashi. Being a Sausad of Banaras, I am especially proud of this. Indore has been my favorite because it is the city of Sumitra Tai. For the ninth time, this city has selected him and sent him to serve the country, sent him to the South. It was not only because of Sumitra Tai&#39;s skillful and patient work that I was able to do whatever was going on. So that parliament was going on, at that time Tai has left an indelible mark on the minds of all those who were used to watching TB. Has left an indelible mark. And very few people would know, you would think that Modi ji is the Prime Minister, but if anyone in my party can impersonate Modi ji, then Tai can impersonate him. This time Sumitra Tai is contesting the elections of entire Madrasbhijs and is creating a new history. But friends, I have got a chance to work with Tahi ji in Sangarthan. We have worked as a partner. Keeping all this in mind, his dedication to his work and his intention to do something for the lives of common humans, I assure Indore that none of Taiji&#39;s wishes will remain unfulfilled in the development of the city. Today I have come to Indoor Vaccinations to give the message that I will never let you down. Friends, I am heavy for Indore and Madrapadesh for an inferior thing. You made my Agra successful very seriously and if that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore are its leaders. Friends, we have often seen junta standing up to remove the ruling government from power in the country. But this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari Kutch to Kamrop. This time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. He is doing good for himself. Well, it is also said that the voter of the country is very silent but this time the people are speaking, they are speaking loudly and this is the reason why all the leaders who have lost their sleep have now found balance in speaking. Have also lost, have brought the book. Have shouted. Friends, the election of 2014 was of anti-incumbency. The election of 2019 is of pro-incumbency. In 2014, the anger against corruption, corruption and policy paralysis was at its peak. In 2019, public confidence is at its peak. In Dohajar Chauda, the country had heard a lot about Modi and Modi&#39;s work. The country has started knowing the work of Modi in Dohazar Neesh. Not only the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections, but the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections. 130 crore countrymen are voting in this election. Friends, my sincerity, my intentions and my policies can be assessed more or less, but no one can find fault in my intentions. I can say this with full courage because I live among the people and am in constant touch with them. I communicate. I have never had fun by sleeping in the Arcaudision type rooms. The two brothers have not spent their time in the private rooms. I have left the world of Babagiri on policy making and have tried to bring change in the country through public participation. Ladies and sisters, in the last five years we have focused on technology and transparency. Today you see, where is India&#39;s global standing in terms of technology? India has quickly become the third largest ecosystem in the world. Third in the world. May our youth today get ample opportunities. For this, in the coming five years, we are going to further strengthen this ecosystem and this start-up business. Brothers and sisters, the next industrial revolution will be based on digital infrastructure and talent. We are preparing the country for this. Today, in schools across the country, we are providing Atal Tinkering Lab to children of class six only. He is a major reformer in the education system of India. This is where our temperament for start-ups and technology is going to develop in the future. Brothers and sisters, not only this, they are going to become the new identity of the whole world and India. Our youth are going to give rise to the aspirations of our friends. The way we have made digital technology a part of governance. Minimal government governance has helped a lot in realizing that dream. In the last five years, the decision making process has become faster and the delivery of services has become accurate and fast. And the biggest thing is that the public is bigger than five systems. And patience has come into the system. Friends, from Jandan, Aadhaar and Mobile, AM, Gem, from the tinity of Gem, in the last five years, India&#39;s treasure worth more than one lakh crore rupees, on which you have the right, you are the owner of India&#39;s treasure, but first such One lakh crore rupees used to be spent by the government, the taxes here are not insignificant. The rupees hidden in the government treasury used to go into wrong hands. Modi has stopped it. In the last five years, the manifesto transfer of about one lakh crore rupees has gone directly into the accounts of the beneficiaries. That is, the middlemen have also disappeared and I have saved that loot which used to be looted for the honest tact feet of the country, friends, who has given so much respect to the honest tashco-tashper. This is the first government which has given so much respect and honor to the needs of the middle class so that their hopes and aspirations rise. Today there is no tax in the country on income up to Rs 5 lakh. This demand was being made by the middle class of the country for years, this watchman also did this work. We have reduced inflation, reduced EMIs, brothers and sisters, we are expanding the network of modern infrastructure in the country. Brothers and sisters, today Makein India is recovering as a very big brand. Here in Indore itself there is Super Corridor, IT Park and Business Park. Almost five thousand industries are running. Today India is making great progress in auto, rail and defense manufacturing. We have become the second largest country in the world in mobile networking. You all will remember that during Vidan Sabha elections, a famous person had come here and said that he will make mobile phones in Indore and Mekin Mansor, where did he come from? Did you say it or not? People of Indore forget where they said? who told? But this much was said loudly and the media here published it very openly and there is little shame on them, but this promise has been forgotten in the entire manifesto of the Congress and there is not even a mention of it. No unscrupulous person will write. The government has changed. Well, this is nothing for Congress. His arrogance is expressed in three words. In three words. These three words are the identity of Congress&#39;s arrogance. These three words are living proof of how Congress looks at the people of the country. These three things are such things that, if you listen to them, Congress and its great adulterated truths do not have the right to remain in public life even for a day. What are these three words? Which ones? Which ones? Which ones? First of all, salute to the people of Indur because you know, you are aware, now Namdar&#39;s guru, and this person is not innocent, the arrogance of a Congress party is speaking, the thinking of the Congress party is speaking. What else to say, if it happens, it happens, if it happens? What if the loan of the petitioners is up to two people? What if it happened? What happened? Farmers&#39; expenses were to be limited to 2 people. Police are coming to farmers&#39; houses today. They are not giving loans to the farmers and they say, they say, tell them with full force, they say, they say, they say. The people of R Indoor say, living in these fields has become boring. The people of Majjpradesh are complaining that instead of paying the electricity bill, why was the electricity supply interrupted? Congress says? Congress says? What is called Kongdesi? The employee here is asking, why was I transferred unnecessarily? It is said that they are filled with so much ego that they think that they will just say anything and people will accept it. People of Khongars, understand, this is not the 20th century, this is the 21st century, even a four year old child knows who you are? By attacking my dear Bhaivaj Bhai of Indore, these people can get the command of the party but they cannot get thought and vision. When there is no vision, when the technology is not strong, then one has to resort to jute after syrup, jute is spread. This is the reason that today Congress does not want to make any difference to the country&#39;s defiant policy and our defense policy. Congress says why does Modi raise the issue of terrorism? You tell me, do you want to lift it or not? Such chatter does not work, Hindu people speak from the bottom of their hearts. When Poha is served, it is served with love. You tell me whether you want to discuss terrorism in this country or not. Is this the Indore Municipal Corporation elections? This is India&#39;s election. I can understand that there will be pillars, bheeli, pipes, garden, sapai, gutter, water in Indore Municipal Corporation elections, but will Hindustan be elected? Agarni happened. There is a huge fire in Delhi. I make a big list of perfumes. Brother, what has become of the matter of Tauy Ezar Chahuda OF2014. Cho growled off. Cho growled off. What are the reasons for the closure? Oh you, the people of Hindor, the people of Indur have given the wrong answer. You say, Modi did it, your answer is wrong, it was done by one of your votes. This is the power of your vote, which makes the country roar with strength today. There is only one issue for Pangres. Remove Modi, remove Modi. Bye yo sisters, this is the same Congress whose wrong policies gave rise to terrorism and Naxalism in the country. Their security policy was so weak that hundreds of people were killed in the blasts. But their voice did not come out and the world was not ready to accept their words. Pakistan has given the message to the whole world that what is the point of coming to India, the Indians of India do not want to understand. Every day, the snake of Kashmir used to roam around in the international markets. Friends, everything has stopped since last five months. Now Pakistan has to wake up and answer in every corner that it will do Atrangwat and will do it. Brothers and sisters, this is Modi now from Indore. You know me, brothers and sisters, this is the new Hindustan, now India is beating us with anger and despite that, the whole world remains close to us and no one from Pakistan is ready to listen. You tell me, am I doing the right thing or not? I should try this or not. Today there is a huge queue of people waiting to become ministers in the elections of this Lok Sabha. Do you know? Many people are standing in the queue waiting for Pradhan Manni Baba, there are many people in Karnataka, even the 8 people who are fighting think that this time their number will be taken, even those sitting in the middle think that they will become the Prime Minister. Those fighting Tishtha sit are also saying, Pradan Minister, hey listen brother, your love is on my eyes. Should I start speaking? Hey Inder people, you are loving me so much, then Tahi will not have to feed me. Brothers and sisters, today there is a huge queue to become a minister. The one sitting eight was also sleeping and his umbilical cord was attached. Bish is fighting the sit and he is also thinking. Tish is fighting the sit and he is also thinking. Some people even hired tailors and got clothes made. I just want to ask you. A. The number of faces visible. Who are they? Ask who can fight terrorism? Tell me the truth, who can love a terrorist? Who can compete with terrorists? Who can protect the country? Puna served to you? I am very indebted to you. Congress and its Mahamalavati are not daring to debate on national security. Because if they argue, they will have to answer for their sins of last 70 years, hence they run away, why should they bother about the rule of these people, when the government was criticized for organizing two big events simultaneously in the country. And this is why when the 2009 elections were going on and the 2014 elections were going on, both the elections were held in the same month and IPL matches were held in the same month? The youth of the country want to watch the match, they want to have a vacation, they want to enjoy, you are fans of Aran, remember, this was such a government&#39;s daughter, people cannot organize an IPL and the IPL had come for India. Those who cannot afford an IPL and what is it today? See, when the government changes, what changes? You will see, these media people will not tell you, I have to come and tell you. Dekia is there for the elections, he is there for the elections. IPL is happening, it is being figured on one side, the whole country is going through a storm but it is being made with full gusto and Chulaan is also going on. Not only this, a few days ago you might have also seen that a very strong cyclone has come, it has come in the eastern part of India and it has come with the intensity of Bhoot Tej. We handled that too in this manner. Twelve lakh people were picked up from one place and settled in another place. Thousands of people had similar sentiments towards MNREGA. Took the child and united nation said that India has done a wonderful job and has shown this also, friends, let the elections go, Ipil go, Navratri go, Ranomi go, Anmaan Jenti go, Ishtar go, Dhamjaan go, and even fight the storm, this Hindustan. This is new Hindustan. The people are the same, the office is the same, the office is the same, the business is the same, Babu and now the same but what has changed? What changed? People are the same. The will of the government, the work culture, and the intentions of the government have changed. Only when every decision is taken with the national interest in mind, results are achieved. Brothers and sisters, everything in Congress is decided through materialism and vote bang. Take the mudla of triple talaq, Congress is protesting against the oppression of Muslim sisters just for the sake of vote bang, now it is a matter of fact that the gang rape of the daughter, the rape of the Daliz daughter, that too was suppressed, so that the news does not spread before the elections, Daliz will get angry there. Today I have given challenges to Mayawati, my sister, your party is a leader in the government in Rajasthan. If you are so concerned about Dalits, then withdraw your support. They are not a Poor Bohemian government. They make statements, they don&#39;t have the courage, they don&#39;t have the determination, friends. Friends, development with all, this is our mantra, and safety for all, respect for all, this is our pledge. To strengthen this feeling, this time the lotus has to be fed with full force. Will you organize for the country, will you take people out to vote, will you work hard, can Madnan Indore, who broke the racket of the entire Madhya Pradesh, do this? Can do? Brothers, press the button on the lotus symbol, every vote of yours will go directly to Modi&#39;s account. You have come to bless me in such a large way, I am very grateful to Hindoor, I am very grateful to all of you, and I am very grateful to Taiji for Mother India. Indore District Gramin President Ashok Somani ji will present the presentation in the Vijejan Sankalp Sabha. These eminent education ministers of the country, worthy of the people of India, Honorable Naren Modi ji, National Vice President of Bharti Jinta Party, former Chief Minister, Samani Sivara Singh Chauhan ji, Honorable Vice President of India, We all received the guidance of Puru Mukmantri Samani Sivarasingh Chohanji Azeni Pradeshyak Rakeshingh ji. With the support of all of you, with the support of Bharati Janata Party, I express my heartfelt gratitude to them for completing this task with full vigor and strength. I also dedicate my life to all of you on your religion.