I salute the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata Bharat Mata Mother Shipra and Maya Bhai, I had reached the airport on time but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay was due to the unprecedented love and blessings shown by Onion Indore. From the airport till here, there were human malls on both sides, perhaps if I had not given a speech and gone after doing so much road show, even then the entire Madhya Pradesh newspapers were reading that Modi&#39;s road show was amazing, so much love today in Indore, it touched my heart. From the faith of India to spirituality to the new styles of the new India, if any city is a symbol of the new attitude, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore in the form of Ahilyabai Holkar, Kashi has given inspirational leadership for spirituality and the betterment of humanity in the whole of India in the last 5 years. With the blessings of Baba, today my Kashi residents are trying to fulfill the dream that Mother Ahilyabai, who led India for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan over the years, had seen for Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi. Being an MP from Banaras, I am proud of this. I am especially proud of Mehra from Indore because it is the city of Sumitra Tai. This city elected her 9 times to serve the country, sent her to the Parliament and as a speaker, Sumitra, a terrorist, which she skillfully controlled with restraint. Not only did Sai leave an indelible mark on the minds of everyone who was watching TV at that time and very few people would know about it, you would feel that Modi ji is the Prime Minister but Mari. If anyone in the party can scold Modi ji, then Sumitra Chai is ready. This time she is contesting the elections of entire Madhya Pradesh and is creating a new history, but friends, I got a chance to work with Tai ji in the organization. Working as a companion, his dedication towards work, his intention to do something for the common man in life, keeping all these in mind, I assure Indore that none of Tai ji&#39;s wishes will remain unfulfilled in the development of the city. Today I have come to the people of Indore to give this message to the society that I will never let it fall short. Friends, I am thankful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing. You took one of my requests very seriously and made it successful and that is Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. If it has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore deserve it. We have often seen the people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country, but this time, when should Kanyakumari work with Kashmir? This time, this government. It is often said that the motor of a country is very silent but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders are having sleepless nights. Now he has even lost his balance in speaking. Friends, he is barking. The 2014 election was about anti-incumbency. The 2019 election was about incumbency. In 2014, anger against corruption, dynasty politics and policy paralysis was at its peak. In 2019, public confidence is at its peak in 2014. Had only heard about Modi and Modi&#39;s work in the country, in 2019 the country started knowing about Modi&#39;s work. Not only the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections but the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections. 130 crore countrymen are leading the elections. Friends, my aim, my intentions and the assessment of my policy may be more or less, but no one can find fault in my intentions, I can say this with confidence, this is because I live among the public and constantly communicate with the public. I have never had the pleasure of sitting in conditioned cab rooms. I left Babuji&#39;s world for policy making and tried to bring about change in the country through public participation. Brothers and sisters, in the last 5 years we paid special attention to technology and transfer. Today, you can see where India&#39;s global ranking has reached in terms of technology. India has become the world&#39;s third largest startup ecosystem in the world. In the coming 5 years, we will transform this ecosystem into a startup ecosystem so that our young friends can get ample opportunities. to further strengthen the funding of