Bharat Mata Bharat Mata I had reached the airport on time but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay happened because of the unprecedented love that Indore showed and the blessings that it gave, even from the airport to here, the entire Madhya Pradesh newspapers remained large. Today Indore has touched my heart, from the faith of ancient India to spirituality, to the new style of new India, to the new attitude of Modi. If any city is a symbol of the new attitude, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore has been named by Ahilyabai Holkar. The dream that Mother Haliyabai had for the Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi, as she gave inspirational leadership for spirituality and the betterment of humanity throughout India including Kashi, led India in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in the last five years, with Baba&#39;s blessings. Today, my Kashi residents are trying to fulfill it. Being an MP from Banaras, I am especially proud of this. I have been especially proud of this from Indore because it is the city of Sumitra Tai. Sent to serve the country, sent to Parliament. And as the speaker, Sumitra Tay&#39;s skillful and restrained work has not only left an indelible mark on the minds of all those who were accustomed to watching TV during the time when the Parliament was going on, and very few people knew about it. You might be feeling that Modi ji is the Prime Minister, but if anyone in our party can scold Modi ji, then Tai can scold and is making a new history, but friends, I have got the opportunity to work with Tai ji in the organization. We have worked as a partner, his dedication towards work, his intention to do something for the life of common man, keeping all these in mind, I assure Indore that no amount of Tai ji&#39;s umbrella will be incomplete in the development of the city. Indore and Madhya Pradesh will not remain, I am grateful for one more thing, you have made one of my requests successful very seriously and that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, if Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my people of Indore deserve it. Friends, we are brothers and sisters. We have often seen people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country, but this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, Kutch to Kamrup, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. It is often said that The voters of the country are very silent but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why those who are sleepless have now lost their balance in speaking. Friends, the 2014 election was about anti-incumbency, the 2019 election. Pro is of incumbency In 2014, anger against corruption, pluralism and policy paralysis was at its peak. In 2019, public trust is at its peak. In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi&#39;s work. In 2019, the country started knowing about Modi&#39;s work. 2019 It is not only the Bharatiya Janata Party that is contesting the elections, but my intentions and my policies can be assessed more or less, but no one can find fault in my intentions, I can say this with confidence, this is because I live among the public. I constantly communicate with the public. I have never enjoyed the ad condition by sitting in the rooms. I have left the world of Babu Giri on policy making and have tried to bring about change in the country through public participation. Brothers and sisters, in the last 5 years, we have Special attention has been paid to technology and transparency. Today you see where India&#39;s global standing has reached in terms of technology. India has quickly become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. Our young friends should come here so that they can get ample opportunities. In the next five years, we are going to further strengthen this ecosystem of startup funding.