With great respect to the people of this holy city of Mother India&#39;s Makshipra and Maha Alya Bhai, I reached the airport on time but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay happened because of the immense love and blessings shown by Indore today. From the airport till here, there was human traffic on both sides, I would not have bothered and had gone after sleeping so much road, even then the newspapers kept publishing full praises that Modi&#39;s road was so wonderful, so much love, today Indore has touched my heart. From the faith and spirituality of ancient India to the new ideas and new attitudes of new India, if any city is a symbol of it, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore, in the form of Ahalya Bhai Holkar, along with Kasi, gave inspirational leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity in the whole of India. In the last five years, Mahanalya Bhai, who led India in achieving a clean India, is trying to fulfill the dream he had for Baba Vishwanad Temple in Kashi. Today, my Kashi residents are trying to fulfill it with the blessings of Baba, being a son of Banaras. I am very proud of the fact that Indore has given me my wishes also because this is Sumitra Tai&#39;s city. For the ninth time this city has elected her and sent her to serve the country, sent her to the Sound and made Sumitra Tai as the speaker. Not only did he work efficiently and systematically, he left an indelible mark on the minds of all those who were addicted to watching TV at the time when the Parliament was going on, and very few people would know about it, you would feel so much. That Modi ji is a prime minister, but if anyone in my party can dance to Modi ji, then Tai can dance. Sumitra Tai is contesting the elections of this entire ministry this time and is creating a new history, but friends, I like Tai ji. I have got the opportunity to work with Sangarthan, we have worked as a partner, his dedication towards his work, his intention to do something for the life of common man, keeping all these in mind, I give a blast to Indore. That nothing will remain incomplete for Taiji in the development of the city, I will never let anything fall short, I have come to Indore Vajchis today to give a blast, Satyas of Indore and Mantya Pradesh, I am heavy for one more thing, you have given one of my Agra We made it a success with great seriousness and if the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore deserve it. Friends, we have often brazenly raised the voice of the people to remove the government from power. Have seen but this time Kanya Kumari from Kashmir, Kamrob from Kutch, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. It is often said that the voters of the country are very silent but this time the public is speaking loudly. She is speaking and this is the reason why many leaders who have lost their sleep have now lost their balance while speaking. Friends, the election of 2014 was of anti-incumbency and the election of 2019 is of pro-incumbency. In 2014, there was brasthachar, bonshawat. And the anger against the policy policy was at its peak. In 2019, public confidence is at its peak. In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi&#39;s work. In 2019, the country has started knowing about Modi&#39;s work. 2019 elections are not only about Bharatiya Janata Party. Rather, the Indian public is fighting the 2019 elections. 130 crore countrymen are leading this election. Friends, my loyalty, my intentions and my policies may be assessed more or less but no one can find fault in my intentions, this I can say with confidence that this is because I live among the public and constantly interact with the public. I have never had fun by batting in air conditioned commands. I have left the world of politics and public participation in policy making. Brothers and sisters, in the last five years, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency. Today you see where India&#39;s global ranking has reached in terms of technology. India has become the world&#39;s third largest start-up eco. The system has become the third largest in the world so that our youth can get ample opportunities. In the coming five years, we are going to further strengthen this eco system for startup funding.