Let us sit on our own person, please, I would request Honorable Shivraj Singh ji to wear Malvi turban and greet the lion of India by wearing Malvi turban. This Malviya turban is on the land of Malwa. Rakesh Singh ji will welcome Honorable Modi ji with a scarf and a big garland on behalf of the entire stage. We all will welcome Sher Hindustan on behalf of the entire city of Indore. Now I am the pride of Indore and the honor of the country. I would request the Speaker of the Lok Sabha, respected Sumitra ji, to come and congratulate Shere Hindustan in words. All of you have shouted and welcomed Modi ji. Now let me welcome you with a few words, but before that, I congratulate all of you on Mother&#39;s Day because these congratulations are not only to the main, when the main is congratulated. The whole family gets congratulated that today in our beach we have such a son of Bharat Mata who is always committed to respect and protect the wealth of Bharat Mata. Such a great son has come to our beach today in the form of Honorable Modi ji. You all know, we all respect our mothers, but the way Honorable Modi ji has implemented many schemes, as we see that he has seen that my mothers, my sisters, whose eyes are covered with smoke while cooking. Tears come out, smoke worsens their health, now how should we face it, how to remove this suffering and Honorable Modi Ji, after becoming the Prime Minister, has brought tears to the tears of 6 crore mothers by giving them gas stove and gas tank under the Ujjwala scheme. She is worried about her health. A mother wants to have a house of her own, a roof over her child&#39;s head. Honorable Modi ji has decided to fulfill this mother&#39;s dream too and you all know that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, there is currently a More than crore thirty lakh houses have been given to the needy and by the year 2022, he has pledged with the support of all of you that no person in this country of India will be left without a house, without a roof, like this, Honorable Modi ji was present at our beach today. . Respecting the mother, empowering the mother, whether it is Jan Dhan Yojana or any other scheme. But I would like to say one thing in the end, even if the name of the scheme is given, Matrivandana, those values are visible in it which are Indian values, and under whose leadership I would say that the 125 crore citizens of this country have developed this belief in their minds. It has happened that even without corruption, there is a government and it reduces it. We have got an honest government under the leadership of Honorable Modi ji. I will tell you one thing, our current Prime Minister and our future Prime Minister, who made India, Mother India capable and capable, now say the name, future Prime Minister. On behalf of all of you, I welcome Honorable Modi ji. I am not inviting you all for what you were waiting for. All of you should give voice to the faces of India and come face to face with them. I salute the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata&#39;s Mother Shipra and Mother Alliyabai. I had reached the airport on time but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay happened because today Indore The unprecedented love that was shown, the blessings that were given, there were human malls on both sides from the airport till here, perhaps if I had thrown stones and gone after doing so many road shows, even then the entire Madhya Pradesh newspapers would have read that Modi&#39;s road was so much loved, today Indore has shown me so much. You have touched the heart, from the faith and spirituality of ancient India to the new style and attitude of new India, if any city is a symbol then the name of the city is Indore. Indore in the form of Ahlavabai Holkar has spread spirituality and humanity throughout India including Kashi. Gave inspirational leadership for the betterment of. So in the last 5 years, Mahalya Bhai, who led India in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, is trying to fulfill the dream he had for Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi with the blessings of Baba. Today, my Kashi residents, being an MP from Banaras, are trying to fulfill it. I am especially proud of this. My special gift from Indore is also because it is Sumitra Tai&#39;s city. Nine times this city elected her and sent her to serve the country and sent her to the Parliament and Sumitra came as the speaker. Due to the efficiency and restraint with which she worked, not only I, whatever Parliament was running at that time, If you were accustomed to watching TV, Tai has left a rich impression on the minds of all of them and very few people would know it, you will feel that Modi ji is the Prime Minister, but if anyone in our party can scold even Modi ji then tight can be removed. This time Sumitra Sai is contesting the elections of entire Madhya Pradesh and is creating a new history. But friends, I have got a chance to work with Tai ji in the organization. We have worked as a partner. Is. His dedication towards work, his intentions to do something for the life of common man, keeping all these in mind, I assure Indore that none of Tai ji&#39;s wishes will remain unfulfilled in the development of the city. I came today to the people of Indore to assure them that I will never let them down. Friends, I am grateful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing, you have made one of my requests very serious and that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my friends of Indore deserve it. have siblings. Friends, we have often seen the people standing up to remove the government from power in the country. But this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, from Kutch to Kamrop, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. It is often said that the voters of the country are very silent, but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders are losing sleep. Now he has also lost balance while speaking. Friends, we are shocked, the 2014 election was about anti-incumbency. The election of 2019 is of procity. In 2014, the anger against corruption, dynasty and policy paralysis was at its peak. Public confidence is at its peak in 2019. In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi&#39;s work. In 2019, the country started knowing the work of Modi. Not only the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections, but the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting the 2019 elections. 130 crore countrymen are leading this election. Friends, the assessment of my loyalty, my intentions and my policies may be more or less, but no one can find fault in my intentions, I can say this with confidence. This is because I live in a public beach and constantly communicate with the public. I have never enjoyed sitting in air conditioned rooms. I have left the world of Babugiri on policy making and have tried to bring change in the country through public participation. Brothers and sisters, in the last five years we have paid special attention to technology and transparency. Today you see where India&#39;s global standing has reached in terms of technology? Within no time, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. Third in the world, our young friends may get ample opportunities. For this, we are going to further strengthen this ecosystem and startup funding in the coming five years. Brothers and sisters, the next industrial revolution will be based on digital infrastructure and talent. We are preparing the country for this. Today, we are providing Atal tinkering lab only to the children of sixth class in schools across the country. This is a comprehensive reform in the education system of India in the future, it is from here that our temperament for startup and technology is going to develop. Brothers and sisters, these new institutions are going to become the new identity of the new India. We are going to give flight to the aspirations of our young comrades, the way we have made digital technology a part of governance, it has helped a lot in realizing that dream of minimum government, maximum governance. The decision making process has intensified in the last five years. The delivery of services has become accurate and fast and the most important thing is that the public interest has increased to five levels and there has been transparency in the system. Friends, you will be surprised to hear that people of Indore have earned more than Rs 1 lakh crore in the last five years through Jan Dhan Aadhaar and mobile i.e. JAM. Over one lakh crore rupees of Indian treasury in five years, over which you have the right, you are the owner of the treasury of India, but earlier such governments used to run, one lakh crore rupees, this is not the case here. The money coming from the government treasury used to go into wrong hands, Modi has stopped that, friend. At the same time, in 5 years, direct benefit transfer of about Rs 6 lakh crore has gone directly into the accounts of the beneficiaries, that is, the middlemen have also disappeared and I have saved the loot of money that used to be looted for the honest taxpayers of the country. Friends, this is the first government which has given so much respect to the honest tax payer. This is the first government which has given so much respect and honor to the needs of the middle class, its hopes and aspirations. Today there is no tax on income up to Rs 5 lakh in the country. The middle class of the country had been demanding this for years, this watchman also did this. We have reduced inflation. The EMI of the house has been reduced. Brothers and sisters, we are expanding the network of modern infrastructure in the country. Brothers and sisters, today Make in India is emerging as a big brand. Here in Indore itself, the super corridor is the true IT park and business park. About five thousand small and big industries are running. Today India is making great progress in auto rail coach defense manufacturing. We have become the second largest country in the world in mobile phone manufacturing. You all will remember that during the assembly elections, a famous person had come here and said that he will make make in Indore and make in Mandsaur mobile phones. Said so, right? Did you say it or not? The people of Indore forget. Said? who told? But he said it so loudly and the media here published it with great pomp and show, there is a special blessing on him. But in the entire manifesto of Congress, call this promise empty, it has been forgotten, it is not even mentioned, no newspaperman will write about it. Has any government changed? Well, this is nothing new for Congress. His ego is expressed in three words. These three words are the hallmark of Congress&#39;s arrogance. How do these three words make Congress look at the people of the country? There is living proof of that. These three words are such words that after hearing them, Congress and its big adulterated associates do not have the right to remain in public life even for a day in India. What are these three words? Which ones? Which ones? Which ones? First of all, salute to the people of Indore because you know, you know, you are aware. Now the Namdar, that Namdar&#39;s Guru and this is not any person speaking, it is the ego of the Congress Party that is speaking, the thinking of the Congress Party is speaking and what did he say? It happened, it happened, it happened, it happened, it happened, it happened. Loans of farmers up to Rs 2 lakh were to be waived off. Police is coming to the farmers&#39; homes today, banks are not giving loans to the farmers and they say this has happened, they say this with full force so that they can hear it. They say this, they say this, they say this and the people of Indore say that Nafeez Jeena is too much. The people of Madhya Pradesh are asking why the electricity supply was halved instead of the electricity bill? Congress says, Congress says, Congressmen say, the employee here is asking why I was transferred without any reason? They say, they say, they are filled with so much ego, they think that they will say anything nonsense and people will accept it. Congress people, understand, this is not the twentieth century, this is the twenty-first century, even a four year old child knows, who are you? My dear brothers and sisters of Indore, these people can get the command of the party by biting the tree of dynasty, but they cannot get thinking and vision. When there is no vision, when the track record is not right, then one has to resort only to lies, one has to spread lies. This is the reason why today Congress does not want to discuss our defense policy of the country. Congress says why does Modi raise the issue of terrorism? You tell me whether I should lift it or not? Such answers do not work, the people of Indore speak openly. When they feed there, they feed with love. You tell me, should terrorism be discussed in this country or not? Is this the election of Indore Municipal Corporation or is it the election of India? I can understand that there will be pillars, electricity, pipe, garden, cleanliness, gutter, water in the election of Indore Municipal Corporation, but will there be election of India? The government of India, which prepares the defense budget, has the responsibility of protecting the border. The country where bomb blasts used to happen every day before 2014. Were there bomb blasts or not? Whether it happened in Mumbai or not, whether it happened in Pune or not, whether it happened in Banaras or not, whether it happened in Ayodhya or not, I can tell such a big list. Why did it stop after 2014? Why was it closed? Why was it closed? What is the reason? Why was it closed? Hey, you people of Indore have given a wrong answer. The people of Indore cannot make any mistake. The people of Indore gave the wrong answer. You say Modi did it, your answer is wrong, one of your votes did it. It is the power of your vote that the country is strong today. Are. Enters the house and kills. There is only one issue for Congress, remove Modi, remove Modi. Brothers and sisters, this is the same Congress, whose wrong policies gave rise to terrorism and Naxalism in the country. Their security policy was so weak that hundreds of people were killed in bomb blasts. But no voice came out of his mouth, the world was not ready to accept his words. Pakistan spread the word throughout the world that terrorism in India is an internal problem of India. Every day, the song &#39;Kashmir, Kashmir, Kashmir, Kashmir goes on&#39; was sung at the international ministers. Friends, everything has been closed for the last five years. Now Pakistan has to go everywhere and answer whether it will commit terrorism or not. Brothers, sisters and Arya Modi. Now people of Indore know me, brothers and sisters, this is the new India. Now India invades our homes and kills us and despite that the whole world stands with us and no one from Pakistan is ready to listen. You tell me am I doing right or not? This is what I should do or not. Should one enter the house and kill or not? Should I sit crying? If my soldiers are killed, should I remain silent? You tell me, today there is a huge line to become the Prime Minister in this Lok Sabha election. Do you know, many people are standing in the queue to become the Prime Minister. There are many people. Even the economic fighters in Karnataka think that this time their number will be counted. Even those with 20 seats think that he will become Prime Minister. Those contesting thirty seats are also speaking, Prime Minister. Hey listen brother, your love is on my eyes. Should I start speaking? Hey Inder people, you are loving me so much, then Tai will have to feed me. Brothers and sisters, today there is a huge queue to become the Prime Minister. The eight seater also thinks that his number will be taken. He is fighting for twenty seats and he is also thinking. He is fighting for thirty seats and he is also thinking. Some people even selected tailors and got clothes made. I just want to ask you, out of all these faces visible, who is there, who can fight terrorism? Don&#39;t say this to please me. Don&#39;t say this to please the media, tell the truth, who can fight terrorism? Who can fight terrorism? Who can protect the country? You have full confidence, I am very grateful to you. Congress and its Mahamalavati were not daring to debate on the security of the country because if they debate then they will have to answer for their sins of seventy years. That&#39;s why they run away. Friends, remember the path of these adulterated people when the government used to lose sleep in organizing two big events simultaneously in the country and due to this, when the elections of 2009 and 2014 were going on. Both the elections were held in the month of May and IPL matches take place in the month of May. The youth of the country want to see, have a vacation, want to enjoy. You will be surprised, friends. Remember, this government was sitting in power that in 2009 and 2014 they said that there were elections, we cannot conduct IPL and IPL was held outside India. Those who cannot afford an IPL and what is it today? Look, the government changes. What changes when the government changes? You see, these media people will not tell you, I have to come and tell. Look, elections are also happening, is it happening or not? IPL is happening, happening, not happening? On one hand, people in the country are celebrating the festival of democracy, while on the other hand, the festival of Navratri has just ended. Chaitri Navratri was going on, just now the festival of Ramnavami was over, the country celebrated Hanuman with pride today, just now Hanuman Jayanti was over, the country celebrated with Hanuman pride, just now the festival of Star was over, the whole country celebrated Star and Right now Ramzan is also being celebrated from Puri Tum Dham and elections are also going on. Not only this, a few days ago you must have also seen that a very big cyclone Fani had arrived in the eastern region of India and it came at a very high speed. We also handled that in this way. Twelve lakh people were picked up from one place and sent to another place. Thousands of people who were likely to die were saved and the United Nations said that India had done a wonderful job. Friends, this was also done during the elections. Elections go on, IPL goes on, Navratri goes on, runs go on, Hanuman Jayanti goes on, God goes on, Ramzan goes on and we also face the storm, this India is the new India. People are the same, officers are the same, offices are the same, bureaucracy is the same, Babu is the same. The government machine is the same, the tables are the same, the files are the same, the agencies are also the same, then what is the solution? What changed? The people are the same, the will power, work culture and intentions of the government have changed. When every decision is taken keeping only the national interest in mind, then similar results are obtained. Brothers and sisters, everything in Congress is decided by dynasty and vote bank. Take the issue of triple talaq. Congress is opposing the atrocities against Muslim sisters just for the sake of vote bank. Recently in Alwar, what happened to a Dalit daughter due to gangrene was also suppressed, so that the news does not spread before the elections. Otherwise Dalits will get angry. I have challenged Mayawati today. I said sister, your party is a partner in the government in Rajasthan. If you are so concerned about Dalits then withdraw your support. That is not a government with absolute majority. Let&#39;s make a statement, we don&#39;t have the courage, we don&#39;t have the determination, friends. Friends, everyone&#39;s support, everyone&#39;s development is our mantra and security for all, respect for all is our life. To strengthen this feeling, this time the lotus has to be blossomed with full force. If the country is to be made strong, if the country is to be made strong and if the country is to be made strong, then whether the government should be strong or not, whether the government should be strong or not, then this Chowkidar should also be strong. If you want to make Chowkidar strong then you will make your ghost strong, make your ghost strong, voting is on 19th, go door to door, meet everyone, explain for the country, take them out to vote, work hard. Can Indore achieve record breaking voting for entire Madhya Pradesh? Can do? Brothers and sisters, press the button on the lotus symbol, every vote of yours will go directly to Modi&#39;s account. You came to give blessings in such large quantities. I am very grateful to Indore, very grateful to all of you and also very grateful to Tai Ji for his blessings. Speak with me like both fists. To Mother India, to Mother India, to Mother India, thank you very much. Indore District Rural President Ashok Somani will present the vote of thanks. We all received the guidance of the famous Prime Minister of the country, the popular leader of India, respected Narendra Modi ji, National Vice President of Bharatiya Janata Party, former Chief Minister, respected Shivraj Singh Chauhan ji and respected state president Rakesh Singh ji who came to the Vijay Jan Sankalp Sabha. On behalf of the Bharatiya Janata Party, I express my heartfelt gratitude to all of you and you all made this program a success with full vigor and strength. I also thank you all very much.