Sit on your own erection. I will salute Shere Hindustan by wearing Malvi turban of Alurot Karut Karuonga from Manni Shivraj Singi. K Malvi padi penakar Mālvi padyi pēnakar BETA pji pravdan aiya Malvi will welcome the land of Malwa by putting Malvi Pagdi, Rakej Singi Dupatt. And with the direction of the entire stage, with a big garland, we will all welcome Manni Modi ji with the whole of Indore city with the fervor of Shere Hindustan. Now I want to request Indore ki shaan aur desh ka maan, Lok Saba ki Sapikar, Aadene Sumitra ji se request karua ke wo aakar shere Hindustan ka shabdo mein abhi nannan kare. Aap sam log ne chilla ke swagat kiya hai Modi jis ke liye ab main toda words se welcome karoon agar uske pehle main aap sab ko aaj Mother's Day ki Mother's Day ki badhai deti hoon kyunki ye badhai nahi sirf maa ko jab maa ko badhai di hai toh whole family ko badhaai ho jata hai. Today, among us, such a son of Mother India, who always remains devoted to the honour and honour of Mother India for its protection, such a son has been presented in our seed in our seed today. You all know, we all do it to respect Ma. But the way Hon'ble Modi Ji started many schemes and as we see that he saw that my mother, my sisters, from whose eyes tears come out while cooking, their health deteriorates due to milk, now how can we face it, how to remove this suffering. They have wiped their tears by giving them a tank. They are worried about their sleep. A mother wants to have a house of her own, a roof on her child's head. Manyamodi ji ne makha ye bhi sapna fulfilment ka thana hai. And you all know that under the Provided Minister Housing Scheme, now more than one crore thirty lakh houses have been given to the needy and by the coming 2022, he has pledged to all of you that no person in this country of India will remain without any good intention.  To enable the mother, whether it is Jandan Yojana or another scheme. But I will say one thing in the end, if we also give the name of the scheme, then Matu Vandana. It reflects the values that are the Indian culture and under whose leadership I would say that one hundred twenty five crore citizens of this country have come to believe in their heads that yes, one hundred twenty five crore people of this country have become convinced that 125 crore citizens of this country. Citizens.
So their mother has become convinced of this. So their help, this is beholden. That yes works even without corruption. Yes, without corruption, they also work for char. Tek tadan imanar sarkar, tek taddan honest sarkar, manniya modhi ji's leadership has defeated us. I will tell you once again that in Jalat Salanbh, our present Prime Minister who has enabled and enabled Mother India, and for our future Basaiwan, now speak, say the name and future delivery minister, such a respected minister, I welcome you all for what I have been waiting for, I am not wishing them,  Aap sab shere hindustan ko awai lagaye aur unthe se rub aroob ho. And get acquainted with them. Greetings to the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata, Maxipra and Maha Allyabai and Maha Allyabai. I had come to Arput on the ground. But there was a delay in reaching here. And Willam therefore how. That today Indore showed unconscious love. It so happened that today Indore showed immense love and blessings, both from the airport to here were human maul. Perhaps I had not spoken and had gone away so fast, even if I had been so asleep, the whole of Maddapriz would have been fine, that Modi's Roroso was forcibly excited.
Itna pyar, aaj indore ne mere dil ko chooli aaye ji. If there is a city symbol, then the name of the city is indoor. Indore in the form of Ahalyabai Holkar gave inspirational leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity all over India. So today my people of Kasi are trying to fulfill the dream of Mahalya Bhai of India for the Clean India Campaign for Baba Vishwanad temple in Kashi with the blessings of Baba. Being a Sausdar of Banaras, I am especially proud of this. Indore has been my wish also because it is the city of Sumitra Tai. The new time this city selected him and sent him to serve the country, sent him to South. Sumitra Tai's skillful work with restraint was not only going on in whatever way I was going on. So that perlamen was running, at that time if they were accustomed to seeing TB, Tai has left an indelible arc on the minds of all of them. The Ameet arc is gone. And very few people will know, you will feel that Modi ji is the Prime Minister, but if anyone can play Modi ji in my party, then Tai Naat can do it. Sumitra Tai is fighting the elections of this entire Madrabhrijes this time and is creating a new history.
But friends, I have got a chance to work with Tahi ji in Sangarhan. We have worked as partners. Keeping in view his fallow dedication, his intention to do something for the life of Manuvi with goods, I assure Indore that no wish of Tai Ji will be left unfulfilled in the development of the city. I came to Indoor Vacchi today to give me the assurance that I will never let anything go down. Friends, I am heavy for one inferior thing of Indoor and Madrapdesh. You have seriously made one of my Agras successful and that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore are its guiders. Friends, we have often seen the junta rising to remove the ruling government in the country. But this time Kamrope from Kashmir to Kanyakumari. This time the country is ready to elect this government again. The goodness for your own is engaged. It is also said that the voters of Dej are very silent, but this time the junta is speaking, speaking loudly and this is the reason that all the leaders who have become sleepless, have now lost their balance in speaking, they have brought a boke. There are boglaers. Friends, The 2014 election was for anti-incumbency. In 2014, the resentment against the Brahmachar, Baushwat and Policy Parolisi was at its peak. The junta's discourse is at its peak in 2019. In Dohajjar Chowda, the country had heard about Modi and Modi's work. The country is beginning to know Modi's work in Dohajar Nish, the 2019 elections are not only being fought by the Bharatiya Janata Party, but the 2019 elections are being fought by the Indian people.
130 crore countrymen are representing this election. Friends, My loyalty, my intentions and my policy may be less and less assessed, but no one can find fault with my intentions, I can also say this with a sigh because I live in the midst of the junta, I constantly communicate with the junta. I've never had fun sitting in arcudition cabe rooms. The left brother has not killed Bidekar's presence in the rooms. On policy making, I have left the world of Babugiri and tried to bring about a change in the country with people's participation. Bai and sisters, In the last five years, we have given special expertise on technology and transpardony. Today, you see, where India's global stature in terms of technology has reached, India has become the third largest economy in the world. The third of the world. Our UAZ friends could get ample opportunities. For this, in the coming five years, we are going to strengthen this ecosystem and the strengthening of this tart-up. Brothers and sisters, the next industrial revolution will be based on digital infrastructure and talent. For this, we are preparing Dej. Today, in schools across the country, we are providing Automatic Tinkering Labs to only six-class children. These are a major improvement in the education world of India. In the future, our temperament for start-ups and technology is going to develop. Brother your-Baino, not only this, but also India's new identity is going to be created. We are going to give flight to the aspirations of our UA friends. The way we have made digital technology a part of governance. This has helped a lot in realizing the dream of minimum government governance, the process of decision making has been speeded up in the last five years, the delivery of services has become accurate and fast. And the biggest thing is that the junta's system is up to five big. And there is aspersion in the system. Friends, Jandan, Aadhaar and mobile, ane JAM, Jem ki tinity se Jem ki tinity se bhite five years me ek lakh crore rupees more than Hindustan ka treasury, on which you have the right, you are the owner of the treasure of India, but earlier such a government used to run, one lakh crore rupees, here kar na minor nahi hai government coffers me shadowed rupee used to go in wrong hands, Modi has stopped him More from our correspondent: "I have saved the loot of money of the people who have given so much respect to the honest Tashco Tasper. This is the first government which has given so much respect and respect to the needs of the middle class to give its hope and aspirations. Today, there is no tax on income up to Rs 5 lakh in the country.
The middle ground of the country was making this demand for years, this chowkidar also did this work. We have reduced inflation, reduced the EMI of the country, brothers and sisters, we are increasing the network of modern infrastructure in the country to increase the number of modern infrastructure. Brothers and sisters, today India is emerging as a big brand. Here in Indore itself, there are super corridors, IT parks and business parks. About five jars of injury are running industries. Today India is making a lot of progress in auto, rail and some defense and manufacturing. We have become the second largest country in the world in mobile manufacturing. You all will remember that during the Vidan Sabaj election, a naamdar had come here and said that Indore and Makin Mansor mobile phone banaunga eta kahan tha na?
Didn't you say that? People of Indore forget where you said that? Who said that? But itna gaje baje se kaha aur yahan ke media ne bahut aan ban sanat se yath chapa bhi zara bishes kurpa rahti hai un par par lekin congress ke entire manifesto mein ye promise ko bhool diya bhula diya hai ulleq tak nahi hai. No one who has an inkling will write. Zarkars have changed, haven't they? Khar, this is not a new thing for the Congress. His ego is expressed in three words. In three words. These three words are the hallmark of the arrogance of the Congress. These three Sabda Congress are living proof of how they look at the people of the country. These three words are such that in the public life of India, the Congress and its very adulterated truths do not have the right to live in public life even for a day. What are those three words? Which ones?
Which ones? Which ones? Pehle te indur walo ko salaam kyunki aap malu hai, aap jagrah hai, abhi naamdar ke guru ne, aur yeh koi aadmi nahi bhol raha hai, ek congress party ka egokhar bol raha hai, congress party ki soch bol rahi hain. And what is the call, what happened, what happened? Puichan owes up to two lags, what if it happened?
What happened? What happened? The farmers had to measure the karch measurement up to 2 lags Farmers have come to their homes today, bang farmers ko loan nahi de rahe aur ye kehte hain, poori takat che bola unko sunaiden, ye say, aar indoor ki junta kahte, in phil jeena baut ho gaya. The public opinion of Majjpradej has been that instead of the bill of Bhijli, why did the supply of electricity get raised? Congress says?
Congress says? Congdesi says? The employee here is asking, why was I transpared unnecessarily? They say that there is so much arrogance in them that they think that Kujbhi will speak nonsense and people will accept. Understand that this is not 20 centuries, this is 21 centuries, even a four-year-old child knows that you are a Kaul?
These people can get the command of the party by licking my dear brother of Indore but they cannot get the defecation and vision. When there is no vision, when the tack is not fine, then syrup var syrup jute ka sahara lena hai, jute pailana parata hai. This is the reason why today Congress does not want to take a different policy of the country, our defense policy, Congress says that why does Modi raise the issue of terror? You tell me, you want to lift it, don't you want to lift it? This is how chewing does not work, the Hindus speak with their hearts in their hearts. When they fort poha, they fortify with love. You tell me, whether there should be a discussion of terrorism in this country or not. Is this the election of Indore Mahanagarpalika? This is India's election. I can understand that in the election of Indore Mahanagarpali, Khambe, Bhili, Pipe, Garden, Sapai, Gatar, Pani will be held, but will there be an election of India? Aggarni happened. Haug Agrani Haua in Delhi. I'm doing a big list. Toy ezar chahuda OF2014 ke vaad badan jo ho gayi bhai. Cho grew off. Cho grew off. What are the reasons for the closure grown. Ahre aap hindor vanon indur walon ne wrong answer de diya. You say Modi did it, your answer is wrong, this is done by your one vote. This is the power of your vote, which the country is going to wreak in the strongest today.
There is only one issue for the Congress. Remove Modi, remove Modi. Bai Yo sisters, these are the same leaders whose wrong policies gave a boost to terrorism and Naxalism in the country. Their security policy was so weak that hundreds of people were killed in the riots. But their mustache voice does not come out, the world was not ready to obey them. Pakistan has made the whole world aware that what is the matter in India, the Indoru of India wants to understand. Aye din antarastiya mandyo bar kashmir ka nag chala jata tha saathkon bichto panch bart se sab kuch bandh ho gaya up pakistan ko har jagzega par jag kar ke jawab dena parta hai ki wo aatangwat karega aur ne karega bhayo behon aur yeh modi hai ab indur wale mujhe pata ho na bhayo behon yeh naya Hindustan hai ab bharat gar mein gushk kar ke marta hai aur uske bwajut bhi poori duniya We are close to Pakistan, no one is ready to listen. You tell me at the o'clock, I am doing it right, not going. Do you want me to do this or not? There is a huge queue of people in the Lok Sabha elections today. You know?
Many people are standing in queue, Pradhan Manni Babbach liye fence lok hain Karnatak mein toh 8 aladwala bhi yeh soth hai ki iss baar unka number lag jayegi, beech sit wale le bhi soch hain, ki wo pradan mantri ban jaenge. Those who fight the Tistha seat are also speaking, "Provide Minister, Hey listen brother, your love is on my essence eyes." Shall I start talking? Hey Inder wale itne pyar kar rahe ho, phir tahi ko mujhe khana khila na paega。 Brothers and sisters, today there is a huge queue to become the Grant Minister. The one who has an auto seat also sleeps, his number will be attached. Bish is fighting the seat, he is also thinking. He is also thinking that he is fighting the seat. Some people even chose tailors and made clothes. I just want to ask you. A as many faces as you appear. Who are they? Who are there who can fight terrorism? Tell me the truth, who can love the innocent?
Who can fight the intransigent? Who can protect Dej? Have you served Pune? I am very grateful to you. Congress and its Mahamalavati are not daring to debate on country security. Because if they argue, they will have to account for their sins of 70 years, so they run away with it, why do these people rule when the government used to be condemned in organizing two big events simultaneously in the country. And that is why when the elections of 2009 and the elections of 2014 were going on, both the elections were held in the month and IPL matches are held in the month?
Desh ka nava jawan match dekh chacha hai, vacesan hain, enjoy karna hai, aap aaran ho jaon ke josto ho, yaad karo, yeh aisi sarkar beti thi, jo log ek ipl kar nahi kar sakti aur ipl Hindustan ke bar ua tha. Those who can't have an IPL and what is it today? Look at what the government changes, what changes when the government changes. You will not tell you, these media people will not tell you, come and tell me. Dekia has been for elections, has been there. IPL ho raha hain, niye raha hai figured ek tarp, toofan ke puri lake mein poori desh ne jaana par poori dumdham se bana raha hai aur chulaan bhi chal raha hai. Not only this, a few days ago you must have also seen that a lot of big fuini ye phuini chakarwaj storm came, Hindustan ke purbhi lake mein aur bhoot tej ke teeche aaya. We handled that in this way. Bara Lak lifted people from one place and settled them in another place. Thousands of people had the possibility of Manray. Bachha Liya and Unitan Nation said that India has done a wonderful job, this is also the darwan of elections, friends, let the elections go to the IPL, go to Navratri, let the ranomi go, go to Anman, let the enemy go, let the dhamzan go and also fight the storm, this is a new India. The people are the same, the apsar is the same, the office is the same, the businessmen are the same, babu and now the same, but what has changed?
What changed? People are the same. The will of the government, the work culture, and the destiny of the government have changed. Every decision when blood is taken only in the interest of the country and only in the interest of the country, it yields results. Brothers and sisters, everything in Congress is decided by nationalism and vote bang. Take the issue of three talags, Congress is only opposing the oppression with Muslim sisters for vote bang, now Alwar hai jo beti se gang rap hua, Dalij beti se hua, usko bhi suppressed gaya, so that before the elections, the news is not released, there the Daliz will get angry. I have given challenges to Mayawati today, my sister-in-law, your party is a pagidar in the government in Rajasthan. If Dalits are so worried, then return support.
They are not a poor government. They give statements, they do not have the courage, they are not destined friends. Friends, Sapka Saath Sapka Vikas is our mantra and security for all, respect for all, this is our pledge. To strengthen this feeling, this time the lotus has to be fed with full force. Will you understand for the country, will you take out to vote, will you work hard, can the entire Madnaan Indore break the rakot of the country? What can you do? Brother, press the Patran on the lotus symbol, every vote of yours will go directly to Modi's account.
You came to give blessings in such a large quantity, I am very much abari of Hindur, I am very much of your all, and Tai ji ke aasa Bharat Mata ki Bharat Mata ki bahut Bharat Daaniwat. We all received the guidance of the country's Sashvi Padhan Mantri, Hindustan ke Jan Layak, Adendin Naren Modhi ji, Bharti Zinta Party's National Vice President, former Chief Minister, Samanni Siwra Singh Chauhan ji, Adendin Prasti Upejechch Puru Muqmantri Samani Sivras Singh Chohanji Ajeni Pradeshdak Rakeshing ji. I thank you all for the war of the people of the Bharati Janta Party and their hearty gratitude to them with full vigour and full strength. I also worship all of you on religions.