Bharat Mata's Bharat Mata's mother Shipra and Maya Bhai's holy city Regards to the people here. I had arrived at the airport on time but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay was because of the unprecedented love that Indore showed, which blessed the human mall from the airport to here, maybe I would not have given a speech and even if I had gone away after doing such a roadshow, the whole middle The newspapers of the state were reading that Modi's road show was tremendous, so much love touched my heart in Indore today, from the faith of ancient India, spirituality to the new style of new India, if there is a city symbol of new attitude, then the name of the city is Indore, Kashi as Ahilyabai Holkar in Indore gave inspirational leadership for the good of spirituality and humanity all over India, then the past 5 Over the years, Mother Ahilyabai, who led India for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, had dreamt of Baba Vishwanath temple in Kashi and today my Kashi residents are trying to fulfill it with Baba's blessings. Being an MP from Banaras, I am especially proud of the fact that Mehra from Indore is giving special because Sumitra Tai's city is 9 times this city has given her Elected to serve the country, sent to Parliament and as Speaker, Sumitra Terrorist, the skillful restraint he worked, not only did Sai leave an indelible impression on the minds of all of them from the half of watching TV at that time and very few people will know that Modi ji is the Prime Minister but Marri If anyone can scold Modi ji in the party, then she is ready, Sumitra tea is contesting this entire Madhya Pradesh election this time and is creating a new history, but friends, I got a chance to work with Tai ji in the organization, we worked as colleagues, their dedication towards work, their intentions to do something for the life of normal demands, all these Keeping this in mind, I assure Indore that no wish of Tai Ji will remain unfulfilled in the development of the city, I will never let this come down. I came to the people of Indore today to give this also to the society. Friends, I am grateful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing. You made one of my requests very seriously successful and that is Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. If the thinking of the common man of India has reached, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore deserve it, we have often seen the public standing up to remove the ruling government in the country, but this time Kanyakumari from Kashmir has been a long time to work, this time the country has stood up to elect this government again. This time the public is speaking, speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders who have lost sleepless nights, now they have lost balance in speaking, friends are barking, the 2014 election was of anti-incumbency, the 2019 election of incumbency was the resentment against corruption, dynasty and policy paralysis in 2014, the confidence of the public is at its peak in 2019 in the country. In 2019, the country started knowing about Modi's work, the 2019 elections are not only being fought by the Bharatiya Janata Party, but the 2019 elections are being fought by the Bharatiya Janata Party, 130 crore countrymen are leading the elections. Friends, my nisha, my intention and my policy may be assessed more or less, but no one can find fault in my intentions. I can say with confidence that this is because I live among the public, I constantly communicate with the public, I have never enjoyed sitting in more conditional cab rooms. On policy making, I left Babuji's world and tried to bring change in the country with public participation. Brothers and sisters, in the last 5 years, we have paid special attention to technology and transfer. In order to provide ample opportunities to our young friends, in the coming 5 years, we will strengthen the funding of startups in this ecosystem. 

