Bharat Mata Ki Bharat Mata Ki I had arrived at the airport on time, but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay happened because the unprecedented love that Indore showed today, which blessed the airport, even on both sides, the newspapers of the entire Madhya Pradesh remain big that Modi's love was tremendous from the road, today Indore has touched my heart, the faith of ancient India, spirituality. Indore gave inspirational leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity all over India including Kashi in the form of Ahilyabai Holkar, then in the last five years, Mother Haliyabai, who led India for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, had dreamt of Baba Vishwanath temple in Kashi with Baba's blessings. Today my Kashi residents are trying to complete the work, being an MP from Banaras, I am especially proud of this fact that my special name from Indore is also because Sumitra Tai's city is sent to serve the country, sent to Parliament and as Speaker, Sumitra Tay has worked with skill, restraint, not only because of which the Parliament is running. If you were accustomed to watching TV, Taine has left an indelible impression on the minds of all of them and very few people will know that you will feel that Modi ji is the Prime Minister but if anyone can scold Modi ji in our party, then Tai can scold and is creating a new history, but friends, I have got a chance to work with Tai ji in the organization. We have worked as a partner, their dedication towards work, their intention to do something for the life of the common man, keeping all this in mind, I assure Indore that no umbrella of Tai Ji will be incomplete in the development of the city. I am grateful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing, you have made one of my requests very seriously successful. And if that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore are entitled to it. Friends, we have often seen the people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country, but this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, Kutch to Kamrup, this time the country has stood up to elect this government again. The voter of the country is very silent, but this time the public is speaking, speaking loudly and this is the reason for those who have lost sleep, now they have lost balance in speaking. Friends, the 2014 election was of anti-incumbency, the 2019 election is of pro incumbency. In 2014, the anger against corruption, pluralism and policy paralysis was at its peak. Public confidence is at its peak in 2019 In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi's work, in 2019 the country started knowing Modi's work, the 2019 election is not being fought only by the Bharatiya Janata Party, but my intentions and my policy may be assessed more or less but no one can find fault in my intentions, I can say this with confidence, this is because I live among the public. I am constantly communicating with the public, I have never enjoyed sitting in rooms of ad condition, on policy making, I have tried to bring change in the country with public participation by leaving the world of Babu Giri. Brothers and sisters, in the last 5 years, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency. Today you see where India's global standing has reached in terms of technology. In the coming five years, we are going to strengthen the funding of startups in this ecosystem so that our young friends can get enough opportunities.