I belong to this Mother India. Of Mother India. Today I have a time limit. That&#39;s why Hmm Dat Mata Ki. Rava of Mother India. Everyone said. Getting hand results done. Seeing such a large number of people, we started believing it. That Mahamilawati should close the bags and bedding of the people. Friends. In the seventh phase of voting. Now two days are left and seven days are left for the Lok Sabha election results to come. The announcement will be made once again on 23rd May. once again . Brothers and sisters, those are very adulterated people. Remove Modi every month for the first time. They were chanting the slogan of remove Modi, today they are in disarray, the whole country has sealed their defeat and Uttar Pradesh is at the forefront. All their multiplication is based on mathematics, hence they are being abused every day. Brothers &amp; Sisters . Actually country. The country knows the truth of these mega adulterated parties from the first day and knows that the slogan of remove Modi was just an excuse. Actually he had to hide his sin of corruption. That&#39;s why they are trying somehow to form a government in the country. They wanted a helpless government in the country whom they could blackmail as per their need but this is new India, they kill terrorists by entering their homes. And he knows very well those who want to weaken their home, their society, their country, brothers and sisters. Here in Uttar Pradesh, SP and BSP tried to form an opportunistic alliance on the basis of caste. In Lucknow, the deal was done while sitting in an AC room. But these leaders, cut off from the land, forgot their workers. The result is that even today SP and BSP workers are attacking each other. The second mistake made by SP and BSP was that their votes would be transferred to each other. Brothers and sisters, these people had considered some castes as their slaves. After explaining for the first time in 214 and after explaining for the second time in 217, now in 219 Uttar Pradesh is going to explain properly to these parties that castes are not your slaves. People understand very well that vote is given for development, vote is given for the progress of the country, brothers and sisters, these people gained power in the name of caste and then used the power to build bungalows for themselves. He has helped in making even his relatives billionaires. Be it uncle or grandfather, these people have distanced themselves so much from the poor, they have built such a high wall of money, glory and power of their courtiers around themselves that they do not know the happiness and sorrow of the poor. . Brothers &amp; Sisters . Unlike these big adulterated people, I am trying very sincerely to make the life of the poor easier. I am busy providing him the facilities he was waiting for since decades so that the poor get a permanent house. The house should have electricity connection, gas connection, toilet and bank account. Friends, we are working on these goals to ensure that their children get timely vaccination, that they get cheap treatment, that they get cheap ration, that they reach the bank accounts of those farmer families. I am also engaged in providing direct help to those who had to take loans for small expenses related to farming. Friends, on one hand this servant of yours is busy in empowering the daughters of the country, on the other hand this great adulterer is engaged. They insult daughters for votes. Our government also raised the issue of liberating Muslim sisters from triple talaq, but these adulterated people together prevented Muslim sisters and daughters from getting justice. The government wants Muslim women to oppose triple talaq as per their sentiments within the scope of their faith. We should have the right to raise our voice but these big adulterated parties are not allowing this to happen. What is the attitude of these people? This also comes in the case of a candidate with great adulteration. SP, BSP has given ticket to such a candidate from here. Who is accused of rape. The people of UP know the history of Samajwadi Party. But sister, will you ask to vote for such candidates, brothers and sisters? What was the condition of daughters in UP during the time of SP? it is well known . But sister, your behavior regarding women&#39;s safety is also now under question. A few days ago in Alwar, Rajasthan. With a Dalit daughter. Gang rape was done. The Congress government is running there with the support of sister. In view of the elections, the Congress government tried to hide this monstrous crime committed against that Dalit daughter. Sister knows everything but instead of withdrawing support from the Congress government, she is busy abusing Modi. Sister&#39;s attitude towards the Dalit daughter shows that these adulterers can deceive anyone for their own selfishness. Brothers and sisters, our government is committed to women&#39;s interests and women&#39;s safety, for the first time in the history of independence. This watchman has made the provision of death sentence in the rape case. I would make a special appeal to the women here and the women of the entire Purvanchal region to vote with full force against such anti-women parties and vote for the dignity of women, their dignity and their interests. Pressing the button on the lotus symbol means death sentence to the rapists. Pressing the button on the lotus symbol means water facility in every house. Toilet in every house. Friends, I was on the way to come here when I came to know that my sister has given a letter to West Bengal. He has targeted me with this. The Election Commission has also been taken into hands. I was thinking that the way Mamata didi is targeting the people of UP, Bihar and Purvanchal there, sister Mayawati is doing her politics by calling them outsiders, she will definitely scold Mamata didi on this. But this did not happen because they are not worried about you. They have to play the game of chair. Friends, after the meeting here in UP. I am going to Bengal once again today. The Chief Minister of Bengal is the democratically elected Chief Minister of India, maintaining India&#39;s democracy with the blessings of one hundred and thirty countrymen. The Chief Minister of Bengal does not consider Modi who has been elected as her Prime Minister. She considers the Prime Minister of Pakistan as the Prime Minister but does not consider the Prime Minister of India as the Prime Minister and brothers and sisters, today when I am going to Bengal, I remind the countrymen. I remember a few months ago, when I had a rally in West Midnapore, what kind of anarchy was spread by the TMC there. After this, I had a meeting in Thakur Nagar in Bengal, so the condition was made that I had to move away from the stage in the middle of my address. A few days ago, Didi came to Cooch Behar for my rally where the stage was to be built, but at the same place, Didi left the stage for her party. A stage was built. Didi, you have been doing all this under the influence of power and with an anti-democratic mentality. I have been observing her attitude for a long time. Now the whole country is also watching. This evening I also have a rally in Dumdum in Kolkata. Let&#39;s see whether Didi allows this rally to happen or not? If she has her way, she will not even let our helicopter land there. Friends, this bullying behavior of TMC goons was seen the night before yesterday also. Day after tomorrow in Kolkata. During Bhai Amit Shah&#39;s road show. TMC goons gave the statue of Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar. Those who do this should be given the harshest punishment. Same . I would also like to say that our government, dedicated to the vision of Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar ji, will establish a grand statue of Panchdhatu at the same place and will answer the goons of TMC. Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar is a great personality not only of Bengal but of India. He was not only a great social reformer and educationist but also a protector of the poor and downtrodden. He raised his voice for women&#39;s rights at that time. We are all indebted to him for what he has done to serve humanity. Our government is working to take the country to new heights with the inspiration of such personalities. The core of the BJP government is devotion to the culture of Bengal, from Vedas to Vivekananda. And from Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose to Dr. Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, the energy of Bengal has influenced our thinking. Brothers and sisters, in the twenty-first century the country needs a government with full majority and strong courage. Only a strong government can realize the slogan of Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. The dream of a developed India can come true only with a strong government. Only a strong government can develop Purvanchal and East India. This is the reason why we have given special priority to this entire area. Be it rail, road or waterway built on Ganga, this entire area is being rejuvenated, this is going to create new employment opportunities for the industries. Friends, this time Gosi has the record of last time to feed lotus at every booth. Every vote of yours will go directly to Modi&#39;s account. You came in such numbers to bless me, I am very grateful to you, thank you very much to Bharat Mata Bharat Mata Bharat Mata Bharat Mata. To all the workers of the rally, to your assembly in-charge, convenor, board president, Morcha cell project, to all of you.