I had reached the airport on time, but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay was because today Indore showed unprecedented love, which blessed the airport, till here, there was a human mall on both sides, maybe I would not have given a speech and had gone away after doing such a road show. Even the newspapers of the entire Madhya Pradesh used to stand that Modi's road show was tremendous, so much love has touched my heart today, from the faith spirituality of ancient India to the new style of new India, if there is a city symbol, then the name of the city is Indore.
Indore in the form of Ahilyabai Holkar gave inspirational leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity all over India including Kashi.
So in the last five years, I led India for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the dream that Mahalya Bhai had dreamt of for Baba Vishwanath temple in Kashi is being fulfilled by my Kashi residents today with Baba's blessings.
Being an MP from Banaras, I am especially proud of this. My special gift from Indore is also because it is the city of Sumitra Tai.
Nine times this city has elected him to serve the country, sent him to the Parliament and as a Speaker, Sumitra says that the work she did with efficiency and restraint, not only did I get accustomed to watching TV at that time when the Parliament was running, Tai has left a rich impression on the minds of all of them and very few people will know that you will feel this much. That Modi ji is the Prime Minister, but if anyone can scold Modi ji in my party, then he can scold.
Sumitra Sai is contesting this entire Madhya Pradesh election this time and is creating a new history. But friends, I have got a chance to work with Tai Ji in the organization. We have worked as partners.
Keeping in mind his dedication towards work, his intentions to do something for the life of the common man, keeping all this in mind, I assure Indore that none of Tai Ji's wishes will remain unfulfilled in the development of the city.
I came to the people of Indore today to assure that I will never let anything go wrong. Friends, I am thankful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing.
You made one request of mine very seriously successful and if the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the common human thinking of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore are entitled to it.
Friends, We have often seen the people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country. But this time Kanyakumari from Kashmir, Kamrope from Kutch, this time the country has stood up to elect this government again.
It is often said that the voter of the country is very silent, but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders have lost sleep. Now he has also lost balance in speaking.
Friends, the election of 2014 was of anti-incumbency, the election of 2019 is of pro incumbency, in 2014, the resentment against corruption, dynasty and policy paralysis was at its peak. Public confidence is at its peak in 2019.
In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi's work. In 2019, the country has started knowing Modi's work. The 2019 elections are not being fought only by the Bharatiya Janata Party, but by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
130 crore countrymen are leading this election. Friends, my loyalty, my intentions and my policy may be assessed more or less, but no one can find fault with my intentions, I can say this with confidence.
This is because I live in the middle of the public, constantly communicate with the public.
I have never enjoyed sitting in air-conditioned rooms. On policy making, I have left the world of Babugiri and tried to bring change in the country with public participation.
Brothers and sisters, in the last five years, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency that today you see where India's global training has reached in terms of technology, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world.
Third in the world, our young friends could get ample opportunities. For this, in the coming five years, we are going to strengthen this ecosystem and the funding of startups.
