Let us sit on our own person, I would request Honorable Shivraj Singh Ji to greet Lion Hindustan by wearing Malvi turban, Malvi turban. This Malviya turban on the land of Malwa. Rakesh Singh ji will welcome by putting a scarf and from the entire stage, we will all welcome honorable Modi ji with a big garland from the entire Indore city. Now I am proud of Indore and the country. I would request the Speaker of Lok Sabha, respected Sumitra ji, to come and greet Shere Hindustan in words.
All of you have welcomed you with shouts, Modi ji, now I should welcome you with a few words, but before that I congratulate all of you on the mother's day of Mother's Day because this congratulations are not only to the main but to the main one, when the congratulations are given to the main, then the whole family gets congratulated.  It is always committed to its safety. Such a son is present among us today in the form of Hon'ble Modi ji. You all know that we all respect mothers, but the way Honorable Modi ji started many schemes, like we see that he saw that my mothers, my sisters, whose eyes come out of tears from the smoke while cooking, their health deteriorates due to smoke,  Now how can we face it, how can we overcome this problem and Hon'ble Modi ji, since he became the Prime Minister, wiped away the tears of 6 crore mothers by giving them a gas stove and gas tank under the Ujjwala Yojana, worrying about their health, a mother wants to have a house of her own, a roof on her child's head, Hon'ble Modi Ji has decided to fulfill this dream of a mother. And you all know that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, more than one crore thirty lakh houses have been given to the needy and by the coming 2022, he has taken a pledge that no person in this country of India will remain without a roof.
Respecting the mother, making the mother capable, whether it is the Jan Dhan Yojana or any other scheme. But I will say one thing in the end, even if we give the name of the scheme, then Matruvandana shows those values which are Indian culture, and under whose leadership I would say that one hundred and twenty five crore people of this country, the citizens have come to believe in their minds that even without corruption, the government is there and reduces it. We have received an honest government under the leadership of Hon'ble Modi ji. Have. I will tell you one thing, our present Prime Minister of today and our future Prime Minister who has made Bharat capable and capable of Bharat Mata, now speak the name, the future Prime Minister. I welcome such honorable Modi ji on behalf of all of you. I'm not inviting all of you who have been waiting for.
All of you face India and face them. Respectful greetings to the people of this holy city of Mother India, Mother Shipra and Mother Alliabai of Mother India. I had reached the airport on time but there was a delay in reaching here and the delay was because today Indore showed unprecedented love, which blessed the airport, till here there was a human mall on both sides. Even if the newspapers of the entire Madhya Pradesh were lying that Modi's road has so much love today, Indore has touched my heart, from the faith spirituality of ancient India to the new style of new India, new attitude, if any city is a symbol then the name of the city is Indore. Indore as Ahlawabai Holkar is inspiring for the betterment of spirituality and humanity all over India including Kashi. Leadership delivered. So in the last 5 years, Mahalya Bhai, who led India for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, had tried to fulfill the dream of Baba Vishwanath temple in Kashi with the blessings of Baba, today my people of Kashi are trying to fulfill it.
My special gift from Indore is also because it is the city of Sumitra Tai. Nine times this city elected him to serve the country and sent him to the Parliament and as a Speaker, Sumitra comes that due to the skillful and restrained work she did, not only did I go to whatever Parliament was running, if I was accustomed to watching TV at that time, Tai has left a rich impression on the minds of all of them and very few people will know,  You will feel that Modi ji is the Prime Minister, but if someone in our party can scold Modi ji, then the tightness can be removed. Sumitra Sai is contesting this entire Madhya Pradesh election this time and is creating a new history. But friends, I have got a chance to work with Tai ji in the organization. We have worked as partners.
Have. Keeping in mind his dedication towards work, his intentions to do something for the life of the common man, I assure Indore that no wish of Tai Ji will be left unfulfilled in the development of the city. I came to the people of Indore today to assure that I will never let anything go wrong. Friends, I am thankful to Indore and Madhya Pradesh for one more thing, you made one of my requests very seriously successful and that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore are entitled to it. Friends, We have often seen the people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country.
But this time Kanyakumari from Kashmir, Kamrope from Kutch, this time the country has stood up to elect this government again. It is also often said that the voter of the country is very silent, but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why many leaders have lost sleep. Now he has also lost balance in speaking. Friends, The 2014 election was for anti-incumbency. The 2019 election is of procency in two thousand fourteen years the resentment against corruption, dynasty and policy paralysis was at its peak.
Public confidence is at its peak in 2019. In 2014, the country had only heard about Modi and Modi's work. In 2019, the country has started knowing Modi's work. The 2019 elections are not being fought only by the Bharatiya Janata Party, but the 2019 elections are being fought by the Bharatiya Janata Party, 130 crore countrymen are leading this election. Friends, my loyalty, my intentions and my policy may be more or less an assessment, but no one can find fault with my intentions, I can say this with confidence.
This is because I live among the public, constantly communicate with the public. I have never enjoyed sitting in air-conditioned rooms. On policy making, I have left the world of Babugiri and tried to bring change in the country with public participation. Brothers and sisters, In the last five years, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency. Today, you see where India's global standing has reached in terms of technology.
In no time, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. Third in the world, our young friends could get ample opportunities. For this, in the coming five years, we are going to strengthen this ecosystem and the funding of startups. Brothers and sisters, The next industrial revolution will be based on digital infrastructure and talent. For this, we are preparing the country.
Today, we are providing Atal Tinkering Labs to the children of the sixth class in schools across the country. This is a comprehensive reform in India's education system, it is in the future, from here our temperament for startups and technology is going to develop. Brothers and sisters, These new institutions will become the new identity of New India. The way we have made digital technology a part of governance, it has helped a lot in realizing the dream of minimum government, maximum governance. In the last five years, the process of decision-making has accelerated.
The delivery of services has become accurate and fast and the biggest thing has increased to five systems of the public and transparency has come in the system. Friends, You will be surprised to hear that the people of Indore have been able to pay more than one lakh crore rupees in the last five years due to the status of Jan Dhan Aadhaar and mobile i.e. JAM. In five years, more than one lakh crore rupees of India's treasury on which you have the right, you are the owner of the treasury of India, but earlier such governments used to run, one lakh crore rupees, it is not the matter here. The money that came from the government coffers used to go into the wrong hands, Modi has stopped it, friend. At the same time, in 5 years, direct benefit transfer of about six lakh crore rupees has gone directly to the account of the beneficiaries, that is, the middlemen have also disappeared and I have also saved the loot of their money for the honest taxpayers of the country.
Friends, This is the first government which has given honest tax so much respect to the taxpayer. This is the first government that has given so much respect to the needs of the middle class, its hopes and aspirations. Today, there is no tax on income up to five lakh rupees in the country. This demand was being made by the middle class of the country for years, this chowkidar also did this work. We have reduced inflation.
The EMI of the house is reduced. Brothers and sisters, we are expanding the network of modern infrastructure in the country to increase it. Brothers and sisters, Today Make in India is emerging as a very big brand. Here in Indore itself, the super corridor is the right IT park and business park. About five thousand small and big industries are running.
Today India is making a lot of progress in auto rail coach defense manufacturing. We have become the second largest country in the world in mobile phone manufacturing. You all will remember that during the assembly elections, a naamdar came here and said that I will make Make in Indore and Make in Mandsaur mobile phones. You said that, didn't you? Didn't you say that?
The people of Indore forget. Where was it? Who said that? But he said so much with pride and the media here has published it with great pride and there is a special grace on him. But in the entire manifesto of the Congress, this promise has been fooled, forgotten, there is not even a mention, no newspaper person will write.
Has the government changed? Well, this is nothing new for the Congress. His arrogance is expressed in three words. These three words are the hallmark of the arrogance of the Congress. How does the Congress look at the people of the country with these three words?
There is living proof of that. These three words are such words that after listening to them, the Congress and its great adulterated colleagues in the public life of India do not have the right to be in public life even for a day. What are these three words? Which ones? Which ones?
Which ones? First of all, salute to the people of Indore because you know, you know, you are aware. Now the Naamdar, that Naamdar's guru and no one else is speaking, this is the arrogance of the Congress party, the thinking of the Congress party is speaking and what else did he say? Hua to hua, hua to, hua to, hua to, hua to, hua to hua. Farmers' loans up to Rs 2 lakh were to be waived.
Today the police is coming to the houses of the farmers, the banks are not giving loans to the farmers and they say that it happened, they say that they should hear it with full force. They say, they say this, they say and the people of Indore say that Nafeez jeena bahut ho gaya. The people of Madhya Pradesh are asking why the supply of electricity was halved instead of the electricity bill. Congress says, Congress says, Congressmen say, the employee here is asking why I was transferred unnecessarily? They say, they say, they are so full of arrogance, they think that they will say anything nonsense and people will accept it.
Congressmen should understand that this is not the twentieth century, this is the 21st century, even a four-year-old child knows who you are. My dear brothers and sisters of Indore can get the command of the party by climbing on the tree of dynasty, but they cannot get the vision and vision. When there is no vision, when the track is not good, then one has to resort only to lies and spread lies. This is the reason that today Congress does not want to discuss the country's defense policy, our defense policy. Congress says why Modi raises the issue of terrorism?
You tell me whether I should raise it or not? Such answers do not work, the people of Indore speak openly in their hearts. When they feed there, they feed with love. You tell me, should terrorism be discussed in this country or not? I can understand that this is the election of Indore Municipal Corporation, whether this is the election of India, that this is the election of Indore Municipal Corporation, I can understand that in the election of Indore Municipal Corporation, pillars, electricity, pipes, gardens, cleanliness, water, will there be elections of India?
The government of India which makes the defense budget, which is the responsibility of protecting the border of India. The country in which there used to be bomb blasts before two thousand fourteen. Did there not be bomb blasts? Whether it happened in Mumbai or not, whether it happened in Pune or not, whether it happened in Banaras or not, whether it happened in Ayodhya or not, whether it happened in Delhi or not, I can tell such a big list. Why did it stop after two thousand fourteen?
Why did it close? Why did it close? What is the reason? Why did it close? Hey, you people of Indore gave the wrong answer.
The people of Indore cannot make a mistake. You say Modi did it, your answer is wrong, it is your one vote. This is the power of your vote that the country is strong today. Hey ! stop that !.
Enters the house and kills. There is only one issue for the Congress, remove Modi, remove Modi. Brothers and sisters, This is the same Congress, whose wrong policies gave a boost to terrorism and Naxalism in the country. Their security policy was so weak that hundreds of people were killed in bomb blasts. But no sound comes out of their mouths, the world was not ready to obey them.
Pakistan spread it all over the world that terrorism in India is an internal problem of India. Every now and then, international ministers used to sing the melody of Kashmir, Kashmir, Kashmir. Friends, everything has stopped for the last five years. Now Pakistan has to go everywhere and answer whether it will do terrorism or not. Brothers and sisters and Arya Modi.
Now the people of Indore know me, brothers and sisters, this is a new India. Now India enters the house and kills and despite that the whole world stands with us, no one is ready to listen to Pakistan. You tell me am I doing it right or not? Is this what I should do or not? Should we enter the house and kill you or not?
Should we sit here crying? Should my soldiers be killed, should I keep quiet? You tell me, today there is a huge line to become the Prime Minister in this Lok Sabha election, do you know that many people are standing in the queue to become the Prime Minister? There are a lot of people. In Karnataka, even economic fighters think that this time their number will be taken.
Even those with twenty seats think that they will go to Prime Minister One. Those who contest 30 seats are also speaking, Prime Minister. Hey listen brother, your love on my head eyes. Shall I start speaking? Hey Inder people are loving me so much, then Tai will have to feed me.
Brothers and sisters, there is a huge queue to become the Prime Minister today. Even an eight-seater person thinks that his number will be taken. Twenty seat contesting is also thinking. Thirty seat is contesting he is also thinking. Some people even selected tailors and got clothes made.
I want to ask you, who are these faces visible, who is there who can fight terrorism? Don't say it to make me happy. Don't say this to please the media, tell me the truth, who can fight terrorism, who can fight terrorism? Who can protect the country? You are confident, I am very grateful to you.
The Congress and its Mahamalavati did not dare to debate on the security of the country because if they debate, they would have to give an account of their sins of seventy years. That's why they run away. Friends, remember the path of these mother adulterated people when the government used to lose sleep in organizing two big events simultaneously in the country and for this reason, when the elections of 2009 were going on and the elections of 2014 were going on. Both elections have been held in the month of May and IPL matches are held in the month of May. The youth of the country wants to see, vacation and enjoy.
You will be surprised, friends. Remember, this government was sitting in such a state that in 2009 and 2014 they said that there is an election, we cannot have IPL and IPL was held outside India. Those who can't have an IPL and what is it today? See, the government changes. What changes when the government changes?
You see, these media people will not tell you, I have to come and tell you. See, elections are also taking place, is it happening or not? IPL is happening, is it happening, is it not happening? On the one hand, people in the country are celebrating the festival of democracy, while at the same time the festival of Navratri has just gone. Chaitri Navratri was going on, just now the celebration of Ram Navami has gone, the country celebrated Hanuman with pride today, Hanuman Jayanti has just gone, the country celebrated Hanuman with pride, the whole country has celebrated Star and now Ramzan is also being made from Puri Tum Dham and elections are also going on.
Not only this, a few days ago you must have also seen that this very big cyclone storm came in the eastern part of India and came at a very fast speed. We also handled it in this way. Twelve lakh people were picked up from one place and told to another place. Thousands of people were likely to die, saved and the United Nations said that India did a wonderful job. It was also the dariwan of the election guys.
Let elections go, IPL runs, Navratri runs, runs in runs, Hanuman Jayanti walks, God walks Ramzan and also face the storm, this India is a new India. The people are the same, the officers are the same, the office is the same, the bureaucracy is the same, the babu is the same. The government machine is the same, the table is the same, the file is the same, the agencies are also the same, then what is the thinness? What changed? People are the same, the will of the government, the work culture and the intentions of the government have changed.
When every decision is taken keeping only and only the country's interest in mind, then similar results are obtained. Brothers and sisters, Everything about the Congress is decided by dynasty and vote bank. Take the issue of triple talaq. Congress is opposing the oppression of Muslim sisters just for the sake of vote bank. Recently, the gangruff that happened with a daughter in Alwar, a Dalit daughter, was also suppressed, so that the news does not spread before the elections.
Otherwise, Dalits will get angry. I have challenged Mayawati today. I said, "Behenji, your party is a partner in the government in Rajasthan. If Dalits are so concerned then return the support. It is not a government with full majority.
Don't have the guts, don't have the guts, don't determine, guys. Friends, 'Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas' is our mantra and security and respect for all is our life. To strengthen this feeling, this time the lotus has to be fed with full power. If the country has to be strengthened, the country has to be strengthened and made strong, then the government should be strong or not, whether the government is strong or not, then this chowkidar should also be strong. If you want to make the chowkidar strong, then you will make your ghosts strong, you will make your ghosts strong, voting is on the 19th, you will go door-to-door, you will meet everyone, you will explain for the country, you will take out to vote, you will work hard.
Can Indore, which breaks the record of entire Madhya Pradesh, vote? What can you do? Brothers and sisters, press the button on the lotus symbol, every vote of yours will go directly to Modi's account. You came to bless you in such a large amount. I am very grateful to Indore, very grateful to all of you and also very grateful to Tai ji for the blessings of Tai ji.
Speak with me with both fists. Thank you very much, Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata. Indore District Rural President Ashok Somani will deliver the vote of thanks. We all received the guidance of the country's famous Prime Minister of India, the people's leader of India, the honorable Narendra Modi, the National Vice President of the Bharatiya Janata Party, the honorable Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan ji, the honorable state president Rakesh Singh ji. I express my heartfelt gratitude to them on behalf of the Bharatiya Janata Party on behalf of all of you and all of you made this program successful with full strength with full dedication.