Long live Mother India, Long live Mother India, Long live Mother India, Long live Mother India, Greetings to the holy city of Maa chipra and ahalya bai, the people of this city. 
I arrived at the airport on time but got late in arriving here. And that happened because today, Indore has expressed incredible love and blessings. There was human mall on the both sides of the road from airport to here. If I could not give a speech and go away after doing a roadshow instead, even then Madhya Pradesh’s newspapers would have filled with news that Modi’s roadshow was fantastic. 
So much love… today Indore has touched my heart. If a city is emblematic to ancient India’s faith and spirituality to new Hindustan’s new style, and new attitude, that city’s name is Indore.
In the form of Ahilyabai Holkar, Indore has carried out spirituality and humanity’s welfare inspirationally and led whole India including Kashi. 
In the last five years, Indore has led India for Clean India Mission. 
The dream Ahilyabai saw for baba Vishwanath mandir in Kashi, today my Kashi residents are trying to achieve that dream with the blessings of baba.
As Banaras’s MP, I am especially proud of it. 
My love for Indore is also because it is Sumitra tai’s city. Nine times, this city has elected to serve this country in the Parliament. As a speaker, Tai, as she worked skillfully and patiently, has left an indelible mark not only on me but on everyone who was used to watching TV while parliament was functioning. And not many people will know, you may think that Modi is the prime minister, but in my party if someone can admonish me, Tai is the one to do so. 
this time, Sumitra Tai, is handling elections in the whole Madhya Pradesh. She is creating a new history.
But friends, I have got the opportunity to work with tai ji in the organization. We have worked together as friends. Considering her dedication toward work, her determination to do something for common person’s life, I give my word to Indore that none of her desires for city’s development will go unfulfilled. 
I will not let you down, I came here to give my word to Indore residents. Friends, I am indebted to Indore mahdya Pradesh for one more thing. You have successfully taken care of my one request i.e. clean india mission. If Clean india mission has arrived India’s every common person’s thinking, it is because of Indore’s my brothers and sisters.
friends, we have often seen people stand up to remove ruling governments in the country. But this time, from kashmir’s kanyakumari, from kucchh to kamrog, country has stood up to re-elect this government. 
It is often said that a country’s voter is very silent. But, this time, people are talking, talking very loudly. And that is the reason, many leaders have lost their sleep, now they have lost the balance in talking. They have freaked out. 2014’s election was anti-incumbency. 2019’s election is pro-incumbency. In 2014, anger against corruption, and policy paralysis were on top. In 2019, trust of masses is on top. In 2014, country had only heard about modi and modi’s work. In 2019, country has begun to know modi’s work. 2019’s election is not contested by only Bharatiya Janata Party, instead,  Bharatiya Janata is contesting 2019’s election. 
130 crore of countrypeople are leading this election. Friends, my dedication, my motive, and my policy’s evaluation may be underestimated or overestimated, but no one can find any fault in my intentions, this I can say with full trust. 
this is because I live in public and converse constantly with the public.  I have never chilled out sitting in air-conditioned rooms. 
I have attempted to transform the country into policy formation leaving a bureaucrat’s life and adopting people’s participation.
brothers and sisters, we have given specific attention to technology and transparency over the last five years. Today, you see, India’s global standing technology has significantly improved. India is world’s third start-up ecosystem, world’s third largest. To ensure that our young friends receive the sufficient opportunities, we are going to strengthen this ecosystem, and start-up funding in the next five years.
