Let us sit on our own person. I will request Honorable Shivraj Singh to greet Lion Hindustan by wearing a Malvi turban, a Malvi turban. This Malviya turban on the land of Malwa. Rakesh Singh will welcome him with a scarf and we will welcome Honorable Modi with a big garland from the entire stage. All of us come from the entire Indore city to welcome Sher Hindustan. Now now I am the pride of Indore and the respect of the country. I will request the speaker of Lok Sabha, respected Sumitra, to come and congratulate Shere Hindustan in words.
All of you have welcomed with shouts Mr. Modi. Now let me welcome me with few words, but before that, I congratulate you all on Mother's Day today because these congratulations are not only to the main. When congratulations are given to the main, then congratulations are given to the whole family. Today in our beach one such son of Mother India who is always committed to respecting the property of Mother India and its safety. Today such a son is presented in our beach in the form of Honorable Modi. He has come. You all know, we all like to respect our mother, but the way in which Honorable Modi has implemented many schemes, as we see, he saw that my mothers, my sisters, whose eyes produce tears from the smoke while cooking, the smoke worsens their health, how do we cope with it, how can we overcome this suffering and after Honorable Modi became Prime Minister 6 Crore Under the Ujwala scheme, giving the mother a gas stove and a gas tank, she wipes her tears away. A mother wants to have her own home. Honorable Modi has asked her child to have a roof over her head. Mother is determined to fulfill this dream and you all know that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, more than 1 crore 30 million houses have been given to the needy and by the coming 2022 she has pledged with the support of all of you that no person in this country of India will live without a house without a roof. Such Honorable Modi ji was present at our beach today.
Respect for the mother, enabling the mother, whether it is the Jan Dhan scheme or any other scheme. But let me say one thing at the last. Even if we name the scheme, Matruvandana shows the rituals, which are Indian rituals, and under whose leadership I will say that one hundred and twenty five crore people of this country have believed in their minds that even without corruption, the government can reduce that without corruption, we have received an honest government. Let me tell you one thing: Jalasthan Nabham, Jal Sthalan Nabham, which has made India capable and empowered, our present Prime Minister and our future Prime Minister. Now speak name, future Prime Minister. I welcome such Honorable Modi ji on behalf of all of you. I am not inviting you all who were waiting for.
All your faces make sound to India and confront them. I salute the people of this holy city of Bharat Mata, Bharat Mata's Mother Shipra and Mother Alliabai, but I came to the airport on time, but there was a delay in arriving here and the delay happened because the unprecedented love that Indore showed today, which gave blessings from the airport till then there was a human mall on both sides. Perhaps I would have done a stone show and go on doing this road show. Even the newspapers of Madhya Pradesh are there that Modi's love for the road became so immense. Today, Indore has touched my heart, from the faith spirituality of ancient India to the new style and new attitude of the new India, if If any city is a symbol, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore has given inspiring leadership in the form of Ahlawabai Holkar for the betterment of spirituality and humanity across India including Kashi. So in the last five years, Mahalya Bhai, who led India for the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan, tried to fulfill the dream he had for the Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi with the blessings of Baba. Today my Kashiites are trying to fulfill. As a parliamentarian of Banaras, I am very proud of this.
My special offer from Indore is also because it is the city of Sumitra Tai. Nine times this city elected him to serve the country and sent him to the Parliament. Sumitra comes as a speaker. With the skill and restraint he worked, not only whatever parliament I was operating at that time, if they were accustomed to watching TV, then they all worked hard.