Fuckle on your own estate. I will do Alurot Karut with Manni Shivraj Singi and wear Malvi Pagdi and show respect to Shere Hindustan. Malvi Padi Penakar Mālvi Padyi Pēnakar Pēnakar will offer BETA Pazzi and welcome Malwa's religion by putting Malvi Pagdi, Rakaj Singi Dupatta. And from the whole stage, with a big garland, we will welcome Manni Modi ji with the help of the entire Indore city of Shere Hindustan. Now let me request the pride of Indore and the value of the country, the sapikar of Lok Saba, Adeni Sumitra ji to come and chant Shere Hindustan in words right now. You all have welcomed with shouts for Modi ji. Now welcome me with broken words, but before that, I encourage all of you to give Mother's Day today because this increase is not only to the mother. When the mother is given an extension, then the whole family gets increased. Today, one such son of Bharat Mata, who always respects and respects Bharatmata for her safety, has been presented in our seed in the form of Sudev Manyamodi ji. You all know, we all do to respect Ma. But the way Manyamodiji has implemented many schemes, as we see, he saw that my mother, my sisters, whose eyes cook food, tears come out of the bottle, their health deteriorates. Now how do we meet him, how to relieve this suffering and Manyamodi ji did so after becoming a mother minister. Under the Ujula scheme, they are happy by giving them a gas pump and a gas tank. They are worried about his wife. A mother wants to have her own house, a cover over her child's head. Manyamodi ji said Makha, this is also a station to fulfill the Sapna. And you all know that under the Grant Minister's Housing Scheme, more than one crore three million houses have been given to the needy and by the coming 2022 they have pledged with all of you that no person in this country of India will ever die without a cover. So, Modi ji, today we believe that these things were like mothers, to enable mothers to be born. Whether it is a plan or another plan. But I will say one thing in the end. If you give the name of the scheme, then Matu Vandana. This includes the Sanskar who is an Indian culture and under whose leadership I would say that one hundred and fifty million people of this country have come to believe that yes, one hundred thousand hundred thousand people of Yesh have come to believe that yes, Yesh's one hundred thousand thousand thousand people and 125 Karod Janatani citizens. Nagarikonneen.
So their mother-in-law has believed this. To unke madmin ye viswas ho gaya hai. Yes, it works without any misconduct. Ki Haan Beena Bhrashta Char Ke Bhi Caam Karte Hain. We have been defeated by Tadan Imanar Sarkar Tek Taddan Imandar Sarkar Maniniya Modhi. Once again I will tell you about our leaders who enable and empowered Bharat Mata in Jalat Salanabh. Today, for our Prime Minister and our future businessman. Now speak my name, say the name of the future Minister, I welcome you all for whatever you were waiting for. I am not giving them permission. All of you were waiting for. Fight the worshippers and be filled with them. And get in touch with them. Congratulations to the people of Bharat Mata Ki Bharat Mata's Bharat Mata Ki Bharat Mata's Bharat Mata's Makshipra and Maha Allibai and to this holy city of Mahalalyabai. I was on the couch. But it was hard to get there. And that's why Willam. That the innocent former love that Indore gave today. It happened that the immense love that Indore showed today, the assertiveness it gave, from the airport to the present day, was human. Perhaps I couldn't speak and go away after sleeping so many times, even then I kept waiting for the whole priest, so that Modi's roar was so strong.
So much love, today Indore has saved my heart. From the Asta Spirituality of ancient India, no idea of India, no ideas, no attitude. If any city is a symbol of attitude, then the name of the city is Indoor. In the form of Ahlyabai Holkar, Indore gave inspiring leadership for the betterment of spirituality and humanity throughout India. So, in the last five years for the Swachsh Bharat Abhiyan, Mahalya Bhai of India's Agwai had dreamed of for the Baba Vishwanad temple in Kashi, today my Kasi residents are trying to fulfill with the help of Baba. Banaras's 