I arrived at the airport of Bharat Mata's Bharat Mata on time, but there was a delay in arriving here and the delay happened because the unprecedented love that Indore has shown was blessed by the airport. Even on both sides, the newspapers of Madhya Pradesh are big that Modi's love on the road was tremendous. Today, Indore has touched my heart. From the faith of ancient India, the spirituality of the new India to the new style of India. If any city is a symbol of the new attitude, then the name of the city is Indore. Indore has given inspiring leadership in the form of Ahilyabai Holkar for the welfare of spirituality and humanity across India including Kashi So in the last five years, my Kashivasi people are trying to fulfill the dream that Mother Haliabai had dreamed of for the Baba Vishwanath Temple in Kashi with the blessings of Baba. As a parliamentarian of Banaras, I am very proud of this. My special person from Indore has been there because Sumitra is the city of Tai sent to the Parliament to serve the country and sent it to the speaker. Sumitra Tay's skillful and restraint work did not only impress the minds of all the parliaments I was going on, if they were used to watching TV at the time. You have left and very few people will know that Modi is the prime minister, but if anyone can scold Modi in our party, he can scold him and he is making a new history. But friends, I have got the opportunity to work with Tai ji in the organization. We have worked as a partner. We have worked as a partner. His dedication to his work towards his work, his intentions to do something for the lives of ordinary people. Keeping Indore, I assure you that no umbrella of Tai ji will be incomplete in the development of the city. I am grateful for one more thing. I am grateful for one more thing. Made this request very seriously successful and if the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan has reached the thinking of the common man of India, then all my brothers and sisters of Indore deserve it. Friends, we have often seen people standing up to remove the ruling government in the country, but this time from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, Kutch and Kamrup, this time the country has stood up to re-elect this government. It is often said that the country's voters are very popular. It is silent, but this time the public is speaking loudly and this is the reason why those who have become sleepless. Now they have lost their balance in speaking. Friends 2014 The election was of anti-incumbency. The election of 2019 was of Pro Incumbency. In 2014, outrage against corruption, pluralism and policy paralysis was extreme. In 2019, the country had only heard about the work of Modi and Modi. In 2019, the country started knowing about Modi's work. The 2019 elections is not only the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting, but the assessment of my destiny and my policy may be less. I can confidently say that no one can faults in my intentions. This is because I live amongst the people. I communicate continuously with the public. I have ever had an ad condition. I have not had fun sitting in the rooms. I left the world of Babu Giri and tried to bring change in the country with public participation. Brothers and sisters, we have paid special attention to technology and transparency. Today, you see where India's global standing in terms of technology has reached. Looking at this, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. Today you see where India's global standing has reached in terms of technology, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world. We are going to strengthen the funding of startups to this ecosystem in the next five years so that it can be achieved